THE

LAW REPORTS.

THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE SECOND YEAR

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING EDWARD THE SEVENTH.

1902

VOL. XL.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

FOR

T. DIGBY PIGOTT, Esq., C.B., PRINTER TO HIS MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published for the Council of Law Reporting,

By WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, Limited,

DUKE STREET, STAMFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1903.

CONTENTS

Table Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles of the Local Acts passed during the Session - 149

III. Table showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation on Public General Acts - 178

IV. Table of the Local Acts arranged in Classes - 182

V. Index to the Public General Acts - 198

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Third Session of the Twenty-Seventh Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

2 EDWARD VII. A.D. 1902

1. AN Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, one thousand nine hundred and two, and one thousand nine hundred and three. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

2. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).)

3. An Act to enable County Councils in Ireland to exclude Congested Districts from the area of charge for certain purposes. (Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland).)

4. An Act to provide for raising money for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and three. (Loan.)

5. An Act to amend section one of the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1896. (Royal Naval Reserve.)

6. An Act to amend the Wild Birds' Protection Acts. (Wild Birds' Protection.)

7. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year. (Finance.)

8. An Act for the regulation of the burning of Human Remains and to enable Burial Authorities to establish Crematoria. (Cremation.)

9. An Act to amend the Prison Act, 1877, with respect to the Allowances of Prison Officers under section thirty-six of that Act. (Prison Officers (Pensions).)

10. An Act to amend the Law as to Pensions and Gratuities of Police Reservists called out on permanent service. (Police Reservists.)

11. An Act to make further provision for the Punishment of Persons trading in Prostitution in Scotland. (Immoral Traffic (Scotland).)

12. An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to remove certain newspapers and other printed matter from the present British Museum Buildings. (British Museum.)

13. An Act to authorise the establishment of Labour Bureaux throughout the Metropolis. (Labour Bureaux (London).)

14. An Act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the University of Wales. (University of Wales.)

15. An Act to amend the Law relating to Musical Copyright. (Musical (Summary Proceedings) Copyright.)

16. An Act to amend the Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, 1898. (Pauper Children (Ireland).)

17. An Act to secure the better training of Midwives and to regulate their practice. (Midwives.)

18. An Act to amend the Law relating to issue of Licences for the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors in Ireland. (Licensing (Ireland).)

19. An Act to renew the Education Act, 1901. (Education Act, 1901 (Renewal).)

20. An Act to amend the Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts. (Public Libraries (Ireland).)

21. An Act to prohibit compulsory Membership of Unregistered Shop Clubs or Thrift Funds and to regulate such as are duly registered. (Shop Clubs.)

22. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works (Loans).)

23. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

24. An Act to facilitate the execution and maintenance of Marine Works in Ireland and for other like purposes. (Marine Works (Ireland).)

25. An Act to amend the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Acts in regard to the Law relating to the Rating of Machinery. (Lands Valuation (Scotland) Amendment.)

26. An Act to substitute the Government of the Commonwealth of Australia for the Governments of the States of New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria in the Pacific Cable Act, 1901. (Pacific Gable (Amendment).)

27. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one and one thousand nine hundred and three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

28. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors and to Drunkenness, and to provide for the Registration of Clubs. (Licensing.)

29. An Act for the better protection of Freshwater Fish in Scotland. (Freshwater Fish (Scotland).)

30. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and three, and to appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation (No. 2).)

31. An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts. (Supreme Court of Judicature.)

32. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

33. An Act to provide for the payment of certain Moneys to the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland. (Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland) (No. 2).)

34. An Act to amend the Law with reference to Applications for Patents and Compulsory Licences and other matters connected therewith. (Patents.)

35. An Act to amend the borrowing provisions of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act, 1890. (Electric Lighting (Scotland).)

36. An Act to amend the Mail Ships Act, 1891. (Mail Ships.)

37. An Act to make provision with respect to the disposition and management of His Majesty's Osborne Estate in the Isle of Wight. (Osborne Estate.)

38. An Act to further amend the Law relating to Local Government in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith (Local Government (Ireland).)

39. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Militia and Yeomanry. (Militia and Yeomanry.)

40. An Act to provide further Money for the Uganda Railway. (Uganda Railway.)

41. An Act for establishing a Water Board to manage the supply of water within London and certain adjoining Districts, for transferring to the Water Board the undertakings of the Metropolitan Water Companies, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Metropolis Water.)

42. An Act to make further provision with respect to Education in England and Wales. (Education.)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

2 Edward 7.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, one thousand nine hundred and two, and one thousand nine hundred and three.

[21st March 1902.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Issue of 5,512,396l. 2s. 5d out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the years ending 31st March 1901 and 1902.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one and one thousand nine hundred and two, the sum of five million five hundred and twelve thousand three hundred and ninety-six pounds two shillings and fivepence.

[Issue of 68,181,600l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1903.]

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and three, the sum of sixty-eight million one hundred and eighty-one thousand six hundred pounds.

[Power to the Treasury to borrow.]

3. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of seventy-three million six hundred and ninety-three thousand nine hundred and ninety-six pounds two shillings and fivepence, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so

Ch. 1, 2. Consolidated (No. 1) Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1902.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[28th April 1902.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of four hundred and twenty thousand, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within His Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military-law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that

1902. Army (Annual) Act, 1902. Ch. 2. 3

persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny, or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

[44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.]

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and two on the following days:

(a) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(b) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and

(c) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1902.

[Army Act (44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.) to be in force for specified times.]

2. — (1) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament; that is to say,

(a) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and two to the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and three, both inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and two to the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and three, both inclusive; and

(c) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and two to the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and three, both inclusive.

(2) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

[Prices in respect of billeting.]

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the schedule to tins Act.

4 Ch. 2, 3. Army (Annual) Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. - Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. - Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. - One shilling and threepence-halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified. - One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. - Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. - One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer. - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to enable County Councils in Ireland to exclude Congested Districts from the Area of Charge for certain purposes.

[23rd June 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Power to exclude congested district areas from certain contributions. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48.]

1. — (1) The council of any county comprising the whole or any part of a congested districts county, as defined by the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, may, notwithstanding anything in any enactment, if they think fit, when raising any sum for the purposes of agriculture, or other rural industries, or technical instruction, exclude from the area over which they are empowered to raise that sum so much of that area as comprises the whole or any part of a congested districts county.

(2) Where the power conferred by this Act is exercised, the aforesaid sum shall be raised as a separate item of the poor rate.

[Short title and citation. 62 & 63 Vict. c. 50.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland) Act, 1902; and the Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland) Act, 1899, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland) Acts, 1899 and 1902.

1902. Loan Act, 1902. Ch. 4. 5

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to provide for raising money for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and three.

[23rd June 1902.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies granted to Your Majesty, have resolved that sums not exceeding thirty-two million pounds be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Borrowing for purpose of supply for year 1902-3.]

1. — (1) Any money required for raising the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and three may be raised, up to an amount not exceeding thirty-two million pounds, by means of the creation of two and three-quarters per cent, consolidated stock within the meaning of

[51 & 52 Vict. c. 2.]

the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888, and the Treasury may, by warrant addressed to the Bank of England, direct the creation of such amounts of that stock as may be required for the purpose.

(2) A full quarterly dividend shall be payable on any stock issued under this Act as from the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and two.

(3) Stock created for the purposes of this Act shall be consolidated with like stock previously created under the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888,

[1 Edw. 7. c. 12.]

or the Loan Act, 1901, and may be issued at such times, in such amounts, and subject to such conditions as to payment of deposits and instalments and the issue of scrip certificates carrying dividend and otherwise, as the Treasury direct, and any directions given by the Treasury before the passing of this Act with respect to those matters are hereby confirmed.

(4) Any sums required for defraying any expenses incurred in connexion with raising any money raised under this Act shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

(5) Any sums raised by means of the issue of stock under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

[Short title.]

2, This Act may be cited as the Loan Act, 1902.

6 Ch. 5, 6. Royal Naval Reserve, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend section one of the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1896.

[22nd July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Amendment of 59 & 60 Vict. c. 33 as to qualification for service.]

1. Section one of the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1896, shall have effect, and shall be deemed to have always had effect, as if the words "serving on a vessel registered in the British Islands" were omitted therefrom, and those words are hereby repealed;

[63 & 64 Vict. c. 52.]

and that section, as amended, shall apply also to men raised under the provisions of the Naval Reserve Act, 1900.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Royal Naval Reserve Act, 1902;

[22 & 23 Vict. c. 40. 59 & 60 Vict. c. 33. 63 & 64 Vict. c. 17. 63 & 64 Vict. c. 52.]

and the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859, the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1896, the Naval Reserve (Mobilisation) Act, 1900, the Naval Reserve Act, 1900, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Royal Naval Reserve Acts, 1859 to 1902.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to amend the Wild Birds Protection Acts.

[22nd July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Court may order forfeiture of bird or egg.]

1. Where any person is convicted of an offence against the Wild Birds Protection Acts, 1880 to 1896, the court may, in addition to any penalty that may therein be imposed, order any wild bird, or wild bird’s egg, in respect of which the offence has been committed, to be forfeited and disposed of as the court shall think fit.

[Short title and collective title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1902, and shall be construed with the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880, the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1881, the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1894, and the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1896, and those Acts and this Act may be cited collectively as the Wild Birds Protection Acts, 1880 to 1902.

1902. Finance Act, 1902. Ch. 7. 7

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the Rational Debt, and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year.

[22nd July 1902.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

[Duty on grain, &c.]

1. There shall, as from the fifteenth day of April nineteen hundred and two, be charged, levied and paid, on the grain and other articles mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act imported into Great Britain or Ireland, the duties mentioned in that schedule, and there shall, as from the seventh day of May nineteen hundred and two, be allowed in respect of those articles the drawbacks set out in the Second Schedule to this Act.

[Duty on tea.]

2. The duty of customs now payable on tea shall continue to be charged, levied and paid until the first day of August nineteen hundred and three, on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland; that is to say —

Tea, the pound, sixpence.

[Continuance of additional customs duties and drawbacks, on tobacco, beer and spirits. 63 & 64 Vict. c. 7.]

3. The additional duties of customs on tobacco, beer and spirits imposed by sections two, three, four and five of the Finance Act, 1900 (including the increased duties imposed by section five of that Act), shall continue to be charged, levied and paid until the first day of August nineteen hundred and three, and, as regards the period for which any additional drawbacks are allowed under those sections, nineteen hundred and three shall be substituted for nineteen hundred and one.

[Continuance of additional excise duties and drawbacks on beer and spirits.]

4. The additional duties of excise on beer and spirits imposed by sections six and seven of the Finance Act, 1900, shall continue to be charged, levied and paid until the first day of August nineteen hundred and three, and, as regards the period in respect of which any additional drawback is allowed under the said section

8 Ch. 7. Finance Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7,

[63 & 64 Vict. c. 7.]

six, nineteen hundred and three shall be substituted for nineteen hundred and one.

[Surtax and allowance on spirits. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 12.]

5. — (1) As from the seventeenth day of June nineteen hundred and two, the Customs duty of ten shillings and fourpence on imported spirits, imposed by section seven of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881, shall, as respects spirits other than rum and brandy, be ten shillings and fivepence, and the allowances of twopence and fourpence payable in respect of spirits under section three of

[48 & 49 Vict. c. 51. 58 & 59 Vict. c. 16.]

the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885, and section six of the Finance Act, 1895, shall be respectively threepence and fivepence.

(2) For the purpose of section three of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885, spirits shall be deemed to be British plain spirits, or spirits in the nature of spirits of wine, and not to be British compounded spirits, unless they are proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to have been distinctly altered in character by redistillation with or without the addition of flavouring matter.

[Increase of Customs duties on glucose.]

6. As from the seventeenth day of June nineteen hundred and two, three shillings and threepence shall be substituted for two shillings and ninepence, and two shillings and sixpence for two shillings, as the Customs duties on solid and liquid glucose respectively under section two of

[1 Edw. 7. c. 7.]

the Finance Act, 1901.

[Amendment of 1 Edw. 7. c. 7. s. 10.]

7. Section ten of the Finance Act, 1901, applies although the goods have undergone a process of manufacture or preparation, or have become a part or ingredient of other goods.

[Power to authorise use of spirits without payment of duty in art or manufacture.]

8. — (1) Where, in the case of any art or manufacture carried on by any person in which the use of spirits is required, it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue that the use of methylated spirits is unsuitable or detrimental, they may, if they think fit, authorise that person to receive spirits without payment of duty for use in the art or manufacture, upon giving security to their satisfaction that he will use the spirits in the art or manufacture, and for no other purpose, and the spirits so used shall be exempt from duty:

Provided that foreign spirits may not be so received or used until the difference between the duty of customs chargeable thereon and the duty of excise chargeable on British spirits has been paid.

(2) The authority shall only be granted subject to a compliance with such regulations as the Commissioners may require the applicant to observe for the security of the revenue, and upon condition that he will, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, if so required by them, render the spirits unpotable before and during use, and will from time to time pay any expenses that may be incurred in placing an officer in charge of his premises.

(3) If any person so authorised shall not comply with any regulation which he is required to observe, he shall, in addition to any other fine or liability, incur a fine of fifty pounds.

1902. Finance Act, 1902. Ch. 7. 9

Part II.

Stamps.

[Amendment of 54 & 55 Vict. c. 39. s. 62.]

9. The provision of section sixty-two of the Stamp Act, 1891, limiting to ten shillings the duty on conveyances or transfers made for effectuating the appointment of a new trustee, shall apply to any conveyance or transfer for effectuating the retirement of a trustee, although no new trustee is appointed.

Part III.

Income Tax and Inhabited House Duty.

[Income tax for 1902-1903.]

10. — (1) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and two shall be charged at the rate of one shilling and threepence.

(2) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and two shall have full force and effect with respect to the duty of income tax hereby granted.

(3) The annual value of any property, which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules A, and B. in

[16 & 17 Vict. c. 34.]

the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house duty, during the year ending on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and two, shall be taken as the annual value of such property for the same purpose during the next subsequent year; provided that this subsection —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

[32 & 33 Vict. c. 67.]

(b) shall not apply to the metropolis as defined by the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

[57 & 58 Vict. c. 30.]

(4) Section thirty-eight of the Finance Act, 1894, (which relates to duty on dividends, &c. paid prior to the passing of the Act) shall be applied with respect to the year which commenced on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and two, as it was applied with respect to the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

Part IV.

National Debt.

[Issue of stock certificates to holders of scrip certificates. 33 & 34 Vict. c. 71.]

11. — (1) The holder of a scrip certificate for any stock which is subject to the provisions of the National Debt Act, 1870, may obtain a stock certificate under section twenty-six of that Act in like manner as a stock holder, and the Treasury may, if they think fit, dispense with any fee for the issue of stock certificates so obtained.

(2) Any stock certificate obtained as provided by this section before the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been properly obtained in accordance with section twenty-six of the National Debt Act, 1870.

10 Ch. 7. Finance Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Part V.

General.

[Short title.]

12. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1902.

(2) Part I. of this Act, so far as relates to duties of customs, shall be construed together with

[39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.]

the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and the Acts amending that Act, and, so far as it relates to duties of excise, shall be construed together with the Acts which relate to the duties of excise and the management of those duties.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Duties.

Part I.

£ s. d.

Wheat, Barley, Oats, Rye, Buckwheat, Peas (not fresh), Beans (not fresh), Lentils, Rice (other than whole and cleaned rice). - the cwt. - 0 0 3

Maize, Any offals which are feeding stuffs and are proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs not to contain more than fifty per cent, of starch. - the cwt. - 0 0 1½

Provided that, as from the fifteenth day of April up to the seventeenth day of June nineteen hundred and two, the said duty of 1½d. on maize and offals shall be deemed to have been chargeable at the rate of 3d., but, where it is proved, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs, that the said duty of 3d. has been paid during that period on any maize or offals, and that the excess of that duty over the duty of 1½d. has not been recovered from any person to whom the maize or offals have been delivered after importation, the Commissioners of Customs may remit the excess.

"Offals" mean the bran, pollards, germs, husks, culms, dust or other similar bye-products of maize and the articles liable to the above-mentioned duty of threepence.

Part II.

---

Flour and the meal or milled products (other than offals liable to the above-mentioned duty of one penny halfpenny) of any of the articles mentioned in Part I. of this Schedule except maize.

Starch, Arrowroot, Cassava powder and tapioca, Potato flour, Sago, Malt, Pearled barley; and Rice (whole and cleaned). - the cwt.

0

d.

5

The meal or milled products of maize (other than "1

offals of maize liable to the above-mentioned > the cwt. duty of one penny halfpenny).

0

d.

1902. Finance Act, 1902. Ch. 7, 8. 11

Provided that, as from the fifteenth day of April up to the seventeenth day of June 1902, the said duty of 2^d on the meal or milled products of maize shall be deemed to have been chargeable at the rate of 5 but, where it is proved, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs, that the said duty of 5 d.has been paid during that period on any meal or milled products of maize, and that the excess of that duty over the duty of 2\d. has not been recovered from any person to whom the meal or milled products of maize have been delivered after importation, the Commissioners of Customs may remit the excess.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Drawbacks.

Drawbacks to be allowed on articles exported or deposited in any bonded warehouse for use as ships' stores, or removed to the Isle of, if it is proved, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of that

the duties on importation have been duly paid.

On any of the articles mentioned in the First Schedule which have undergone a process of manufacture or preparation in Great Britain or Ireland, a drawback equal to the duty paid on the article.

On goods in the manufacture or preparation of which in Great Britain or Ireland any of the articles mentioned in the First Schedule has been used, a drawback equal to the duty paid in respect of the quantity of that article which appears, to the satisfaction of the Treasury, to have been so used.

In allowing any drawback mentioned in this Schedule, the Commissioners of Customs may, with the assent of the Treasury, in order to facilitate trade, relax, in the case of any goods, any requirements of sections one hundred and four and one hundred and six of

---

[39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.]

the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, as to the giving of security and the examination of goods.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act for the regulation of the burning of Human Remains, and to enable Burial Authorities to establish Crematoria.

[22nd July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Cremation Act, 1902.

[Definitions.]

2. In this Act —

The expression "burial authority" shall mean any burial board, any council, committee or other local authority having the powers and duties of a burial board, and any local authority maintaining a cemetery under

[42 & 43 Vict. c. 31.]

the Public Health (Interments) Act, 1879, or under any local Act;

The expression "crematorium" shall mean any building fitted with appliances for the purpose of burning human remains, and shall include everything incidental or ancillary thereto.

12 Ch. 8. Cremation Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

[Application to Scotland.]

---

18 & 19 Vict. c. 68.

Burial authority may provide for cremation.

Site of crematorium.

Donations of land.

Regulations as to burning.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 62.

3. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

The expression "burial authority" shall mean the parish council or town council of any parish or burgh, as the case may be, vested with the powers and duties conferred by the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855, or any Act amending the same;

The expression "the Local Government Board" shall mean the Local Government Board for Scotland;

The expression "Secretary of State " shall mean the Secretary for Scotland.

4. The powers of a burial authority to provide and maintain burial grounds or cemeteries, or anything essential, ancillary or incidental thereto, shall be deemed to extend to and include the provision and maintenance of crematoria:

Provided that no human remains shall be burned in any such crematorium, until the plans and site thereof have been approved by the Local Government Board, and until the crematorium has been certified by the burial authority to the Secretary of State to be complete, built in accordance with such plans, and properly equipped for the purpose of the disposal of human remains by burning.

5. No crematorium shall be constructed nearer to any dwelling-house than two hundred yards, except with the consent, in writing, of the owner, lessee and occupier of such house, nor within fifty yards of any public highway, nor in the consecrated part of the burial ground of any burial authority.

6. A burial authority may accept a donation of land for the purpose of a crematorium, and a donation of money or other property for enabling them to acquire, construct or maintain a crematorium.

7. The Secretary of State shall make regulations as to the maintenance and inspection of crematoria, and prescribing in what cases and under what conditions the burning of any human remains may take place, and directing the disposition or interment of the ashes, and prescribing the forms of the notices, certificates and declarations to be given or made before any such burning is permitted to take place, such declarations to be made under and by virtue of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1835, and also regulations as to the registration of such burnings as have taken place.' A copy of such regulations shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, or, if not, then within three weeks after the beginning of the next ensuing Session of Parliament; and, after such regulations have lain for forty days before Parliament, then, unless within such forty days an address has been presented by one or other of the said Houses praying His Majesty to withhold his assent from such regulations or any part thereof, such regulations shall have the same effect as if they were enacted in this Act. All statutory provisions relating to the destruction and falsification of registers of burials, and the admissibility of extracts therefrom as evidence in courts and

Ch. 8.

13

i§oi

Cremation Act, 1902.

otherwise, shall apply to the register of burnings directed by such regulations to be kept, and the Stamp Act, 1891, shall apply to a 54 & 55 Vict, register under this Act as if it were a register of. burials, c. 89.

8. — (1) Every person who shall contravene any such regulation Penalties for as aforesaid, or shall knowingly carry out or procure or take part breach of in the burning of aDy human remains except in accordance with J££ulatIorj, such regulations and the provisions of this Act, shall (in addition

to any liability or penalty which he may otherwise incur) be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

Provided that any person aggrieved by any conviction may appeal therefrom to quarter sessions.

(2) Every person who shall wilfully make any false declaration or representation, or sign or utter any false certificate, with a view to procuring the burning of any human remains, shall (in addition to any penalty or liability which he may otherwise incur) be liable to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, not exceeding two years.

(3) Every person who, with intent to conceal the commission or impede the prosecution of any offence, procures or attempts to procure the cremation of aDy body, or, with such intent, makes any declaration or gives any certificate under this Act, shall be liable to conviction on indictment to penal servitude for a term not exceeding five years.

9. The burial authority may demand payment of any such Pees, charges or fees, for the burning of human remains in any crematorium provided by them, as may be authorised by any table approved by the Local Government Board, and such charges or fees, and any other expenses properly incurred in or in connection with the cremation of a deceased person, shall be deemed to be part of the funeral expenses of the deceased.

10. Nothing in this Act shall interfere with the jurisdiction of Saving for any coroner under the Coroners Act, 1887, or any Act amending

the same, and nothing in this Act shall authorise the burial 71 10 '

authority or any person to create or permit a nuisance.

11. The incumbent of any ecclesiastical parish shall not, with incumbent not respect to his parishioners or persons dying in his parish, be under to be obliged any obligation to perform a funeral service before, at or after the ^uriafservice cremation of their remains, within the ground of a burial authority,

but, upon his refusal so to do, any clerk in Holy Orders of the Established Church, not being prohibited under ecclesiastical censure, may, with the permission of the bishop and at the request of the executor of the deceased person or of the burial authority or other person having charge of the cremation or interment of the cremated remains, perform such service within such ground.

12. In any table of fees respecting burials to be made or Fees may be approved by the Secretary of State, a fee may be fixed in respect fixed-

ot a burial service before, at or after cremation, and, if no fee is fixed, the fee, if any, fixed in respect of a burial service shall apply.

H

Ch. 8, 9.

Cremation Act, 1902.

2 Edw. 1.

Application of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 65. 8S. 52 and 57.

Repeal of local Acts.

[Commencement of Act.]

Extent of Act.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 21.

22 Vict. c. 26.

Confirmation of practice as to grant of pensions under 40 & 41 Vict. c. 21. s. 36.

13. Sections fifty-two and fifty-seven of the Cemeteries Clauses Act, 1847, and any similar provisions in any local and personal Act authorising the making of a cemetery, shall apply to the disposition or interment of the ashes of a cremated body, as if it were the burial of a body.

14. As from the date at which regulations under this Act come into force, any provisions of any local and personal Act for the like purpose as this Act, and any byelaws or regulations made thereunder, shall, so far as they relate to that purpose, cease to be in operation.

15. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and three.

16. This Act shall not apply to Ireland.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Prison Act, 1877, with respect to the Allowances of Prison Officers under section thirty-six of that Act.

[22nd July 1902.]

WHEREAS it has been the practice, in granting annuities by way of superannuation or compensation allowance to prison officers under section thirty-six of the Prison Act, 1877, to limit the amount granted to that which could be granted under sections two, four and seven of the Superannuation Act, 1859 (in this Act referred to as the Civil Service scale), except in cases where the prison authority referred to in the said section (in this Act referred to as the local prison authority) undertake themselves to pay any amount granted in excess of that scale, and it is expedient to confirm that practice:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The amount of any annuity granted by the Treasury by way of superannuation or compensation allowance under section thirty-six of the Prison Act, 1877, shall not exceed the Civil Service scale, unless the local prison authority recommend that an annuity in excess of that scale shall be granted, and it shall in no case exceed the limit enacted by the said section, namely, two-thirds of the prison officer’s salary and emoluments.

(2) So much of any annuity as may be granted in excess of the Civil Service scale shall be paid by the local prison authority out of the same rates as the portion of the annuity payable under the said section thirty-six, but, where the local prison authority are not the authority having the control of those rates, the consent of the latter authority shall be required to the recommendation of the local prison authority.

1902.

15

Prison Officers (Pensions) Act, 1902. Ch. 9, l0, 11.

(3) Any annuity granted before the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been payable in conformity with the practice confirmed by this Act, and any payments made before the passing of this Act, in conformity with that practice, are hereby confirmed.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Prison Officers (Pensions) Act, 1902, and may be cited with the Prison Acts, 1865 to 1898.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to amend the Law as to Pensions and Gratuities of Police Reservists called out on permanent service.

[22nd July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where a constable of a police force within the meaning of Period of the Police Act, 1890, or the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890, has been called out for permanent service as a member of the Army .Reserve count for in pursuance of the Royal Proclamation of the seventh day of pension. October one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, his period *5546^Ict of service under that proclamation may, if the police authority think fit, be reckoned in the computation of approved service for the purpose of any pension or gratuity under those Acts; and this Act shall have effect as from the date of that proclamation.

2. This Act may be cited as the Police Reservists Act, 1902. short title.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to make further provision for the Punishment of Persons trading in Prostitution in Scotland.

[22nd July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Every male person who- — Persons

(a) knowingly lives wholly or in part on the earnings of prostitution. prostitution; or

(b) in any public place persistently solicits or importunes for immoral purposes.

shall be guilty of a crime and offence, and, being convicted thereof before a court of summary jurisdiction, shall be liable, at the

16

t/H. ll, 12. Immoral Tragic ('Scot, 1902. 2 Edw.

discretion of the court, to he imprisoned for any term not exceeding three months with hard labour.

(2) If it is made to appear to a court of summary jurisdiction by information on oath that. there is reason to suspect that any house or any part of a house is used by a female for purposes of prostitution, and that any male person residing in or frequenting the house is living wholly or in part on the earnings of the prostitute, the court may issue a warrant authorising any constable to enter and search the house and to arrest that male person.

(3) Where a male person is proved to live with or to be habitually in the company of a prostitute, and has no visible means of subsistence, he shall, unless he can satisfy the court to the contrary, be deemed to be knowingly living on the earnings of prostitution.

---

[Extent and short title.]

2. — (1) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Immoral Traffic (Scotland) Act, 1902.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to remove certain newspapers and other printed matter from the present British Museum Buildings.

[22nd July 1902.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide space elsewhere than at the present British Museum Buildings for the storage of newspapers and other printed matter which are rarely required for public use:

And whereas land has been acquired at Hendon, in the county of Middlesex, and a building (herein-after referred to as "the Hendon building") is to be erected thereon for the purpose of providing the necessary storage space:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Power to remove certain newspapers and other printed matter and store them at the Hendon building.]

1. The Trustees of the British Museum may, with the consent of the Treasury, remove to the Hendon building and store there any newspapers and other printed matter which appear to them to be rarely required for public use, but the Trustees shall make arrangements, to the satisfaction of the Treasury, for making any newspapers and printed matter so removed available for use by the public at the present British Museum buildings, when required, on due notice being given.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the British Museum Act, 1902.

1902. Labour Bureaux (London) 1902. Ch. 13, 14. 17

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to authorise the establishment of Labour Bureaux throughout the Metropolis.

[22nd July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s, most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[A borough council may establish a labour bureau.]

1. It shall be lawful for the council of any metropolitan borough to establish and maintain a labour bureau.

[The expenses thereof to be met out of the general rate.]

2. Any expenses incurred by a borough council in or incidental to the exercise of the powers conferred by this Act shall be paid out of the general rate.

[Meaning of labour bureau.]

3. In this Act the term "labour bureau" shall mean an office or place used for the purpose of supplying information, either by the keeping of registers or otherwise, respecting employers who desire to engage workpeople and workpeople who seek engagement or employment.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Labour Bureaux (London) Act, 1902.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the University of Wales.

[22nd July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Extension of privileges of graduates of the University of Wales.]

1. Wherever any office is or shall be open to graduates of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge and London, and of the Victoria University, or wherever any privilege or exemption has been or shall be given, by any Act of Parliament or regulation of any public authority, to graduates of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge and London, and the Victoria University, graduates of the University of Wales, having the degree which would be a qualification if it had been granted by the University of Oxford, Cambridge or London, or the Victoria University, may become candidates for, and may hold, any such office, and shall be entitled to all such privileges as fully as graduates of any of the last-mentioned Universities.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the University of Wales Act, 1902.

18 Ch. 15. Musical (Summary Proceedings) Copyright Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Musical Copyright.

[22nd July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Seizure, &c. of pirated copies.]

1. A court of summary jurisdiction, upon the application of the owner of the copyright in any musical work, may act as follows: If satisfied by evidence that there is reasonable ground for believing that pirated copies of such musical work are being bawked, carried about, sold or offered for sale, may, by order, authorise a constable to seize such copies without warrant and to bring them before the court, and the court, on proof that the copies are pirated, may order them to be destroyed, or to be delivered up to the owner of the copyright if he makes application for that delivery.

[Power to seize copies on hawkers.]

2. If any person shall hawk, carry about, sell or offer for sale any pirated copy of any musical work, every such pirated copy may be seized by any constable without warrant, on the request in writing of the apparent owner of the copyright in such work, or of his agent thereto authorised in writing, and at the risk of such owner.

On seizure of any such copies, they shall be conveyed by such constable before a court of summary jurisdiction, and, on proof that they are infringements of copyright, shall be forfeited or destroyed or otherwise dealt with, as the court may think fit.

[Definitions.]

3. "Musical copyright" means the exclusive right of the owner of such copyright, under the Copyright Acts in force for the time being, to do, or to authorise another person to do, all or any of the following things in respect of a musical work:—

(1) To make copies by writing or otherwise of such musical work.

(2) To abridge such musical work.

(3) To make any new adaptation, arrangement or setting of such musical work, or of the melody thereof, in any notation or system.

"Musical work" means any combination of melody and harmony, or either of them, printed, reduced to writing, or otherwise graphically produced or reproduced.

"Pirated musical work" means any musical work written, printed or otherwise reproduced, without the consent lawfully given by the owner of the copyright in such musical work.

[Short title and commencement.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Musical (Summary Proceedings) Copyright Act, 1902, and shall come into operation on the first day of October one thousand nine hundred and two, and shall apply only to the United Kingdom.

1902. Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, 1902. Ch. 16, 17. 19

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend the Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, 1898.

[22nd July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In the Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, 1808, —

---

[Definitions

(a) In the case of a legitimate child, the expression "orphan child" shall mean a child, both of whose parents are dead, ^nd deserted or one of whose parents is dead, the other being under ciuid. 86 sentence of penal servitude, or suffering permanently from 61 & 62 Vict, mental disease, or being permanently bedridden or disabled c-30-and an inmate of a workhouse, or being out of Ireland; and the expression "deserted child" shall mean a child deserted by both parents, or deserted by one parent, the other being dead, or under sentence of penal servitude, or suffering permanently from mental disease, or being permanently bedridden or disabled and an inmate of a workhouse, or being out of Ireland; or a child, one of whose, parents is under sentence of penal servitude, or suffering permanently from mental disease, or is permanently bedridden or disabled and an inmate of a workhouse, or is out of Ireland, the other parent being likewise in one of these conditions; and

(b) In the case of an illegitimate child, the expression

child " shall mean a child whose mother is de£y&? anyj fifcgN expression "deserted child " shall mean a child)

its mother, or whose mother is under sentence servitude, or suffering permanently from mental diseasfijm-is permanently bedridden or disabled and an inmate of a workhouse, or is out of Ireland.

2. This Act may be cited as the Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, Short title 1902; and the Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, 1898, and this Act citHtion* may be cited together as the Pauper Children (Ireland) Acts, 1898 and 1902.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to secure the better training of Midwives, and to regulate their practice.

[31st July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) From and after the first day of April one thousand Certification, nine hundred and five, any woman who, not being certified under

20 Ch. 17. Midwives Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Provision for existing mid wives.

Constitution and duties of the Central Midwives Board.

this Act, shall take or use the name or title of midwife (either alone or in combination with any other word or words), or any name, title, addition or description implying that she is certified under this Act or is a person specially qualified to practice midwifery or is recognised by law as a midwife, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) From and after the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and ten, no woman shall, habitually and for gain, attend women in childbirth otherwise than under the direction of a qualified medical practitioner, unless she be certified under this Act; any woman so acting without being certified under this Act shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds; provided this section. shall not apply to legally qualified medical practitioners, or to any one rendering assistance in a case of emergency.

(3) No woman shall be certified under this Act until she has complied with the rules and regulations to be laid down in pursuance of this Act.

(4) No woman certified under this Act shall employ an uncertified person as her substitute.

(5) The certificate under this Act shall not confer upon any woman any right or title to be registered under the Medical Acts or to assume any name, title or designation implying that she is by law recognised as a medical practitioner, or that she is authorised to grant any medical certificate, or any certificate of death or of still-birth, or to undertake the charge of cases of abnormality or disease in connection with parturition.

2. Any woman who, within two years from the date of this Act coming into operation, claims to be certified under this Act, shall be so certified provided she holds a certificate in midwifery from the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland, or from the Obstetrical Society of London, or the Coombe Lying-in Hospital and Guinness’s Dispensary, or the Rotunda Hospital for the Relief of the Poor Lying-in Women of Dublin, or such other certificate as may be approved by the Central Midwives Board, or produces evidence, satisfactory to the Board, that, at the passing of this Act, she had been for at least one year in bona fide practice as a midwife, and that she bears a good character.

3. On the passing of this Act, the Lord President of the Council shall take steps to secure the formation of a Central Midwives Board, which shall consist of —

(1) Four registered medical practitioners, one to be appointed by the Royal College of Physicians of London, one by the Royal College of Surgeons of England, one by the Society of Apothecaries, and one by the Incorporated Midwives Institute; and

(2) Two persons (one of whom shall be a woman) to be appointed for terms of three years by the Lord President of the Council; and

1902. Midwives Act, 1902. Ch. 17. 21

(3) One person to be appointed for a term of three years by the Association of County Councils, one person to be appointed for a term of three years by the Queen Victoria's Jubilee Institute for Nurses, and one person to be appointed for a term of three years by the Royal British Nurses Association.

After two years from the commencement of this Act, the members appointed under subsection (1) shall retire, but shall be eligible for re-appointment annually. Any vacancy occurring by resignation or death shall be filled up, in the case of a member appointed under subsections (1) and (3), by the body which appointed such person, and, in the case of a member appointed under subsection (2), by the Lord President of the Council: members appointed under subsections (2) and (3) shall, on the termination of the period for which they have been appointed, be eligible for re-appointment for a like period.

The duties and powers of the Board shall be as follows: —

I. To frame rules —

(a) regulating their own proceedings;

(b) regulating the issue of certificates and the conditions of admission to the roll of midwives;

(c) regulating the course of training and the conduct of examinations and the remuneration of the examiners;

(d) regulating the admission to the roll of women already in practice as mid wives at the passing of this Act;

(e) regulating, supervising and restricting within due limits the practice of midwives;

(f) deciding the conditions under which midwives may be suspended from practice;

(g) defining the particulars required to be given in any notice under section ten of this Act;

II. To appoint examiners;

III. To decide upon the places where, and the times when, examinations shall be held;

IV. To publish annually a roll of midwives who have been duly certified under this Act;

V. To decide upon the removal from the roll of the name of any midwife for disobeying the rules and regulations from time to time laid down under this Act by the Central Midwives Board, or for other misconduct, and also to decide upon the restoration to the roll of the name of any midwife so removed;

VI. To issue and cancel certificates.

And generally to do any other act or duty which may be necessary for the due and proper carrying out of the provisions of this Act.

Rules framed under this section shall be valid only if approved by the Privy Council; and the Privy Council, before approving any such rules, shall take into consideration any representations which the General Medical Council may make with respect thereto.

1

22

Ch. 17.

Midwives Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Appeal from decision of Midwives Board.

Fees and expenses.

Midwives

roll.

Appointment of secretary and supplemental provision as to certificate.

4. Any woman thinking herself aggrieved by any decision of the Central Midwives Board removing her name from the roll of mid wives may appeal therefrom to the High Court of Justice within three months after the notification of such decision to her; but no further appeal shall be allowed.

5. There shall be payable by every woman presenting herself for examination or certificate such fee as the Central Midwives Board may, with the approval of the Privy Council, from time to time determine, such fee not to exceed the sum of one guinea. All such fees paid by midwives in practice at the passing of this Act and by candidates for examination shall be paid to the Central Midwives Board. The said Board shall devote such fees to the payment of expenses connected with the examination and certificate, and to the general expenses of the Board. The Board shall, as soon as practicable after the thirty-first day of December in each year, publish a financial statement made up to that date and showing the receipts and expenditure, including liabilities of the Board, during the year, which statement shall be certified as correct by an accountant who shall be a member either of the Institute of Chartered Accountants or of the Incorporated Society of Accountants. The Board shall submit a copy of such statement to the Privy Council, and, if the statement shows any balance against the Board and such balance is approved by the Privy Council, the Board may apportion such balance between the councils of the several counties and county boroughs, in proportion to the number of midwives who have given notice during the year of their intention to practise in those areas respectively, and may recover from the councils the sum so apportioned.

6. There shall be a roll of midwives containing —

(1) The names of those mid wives who have been certified under section two of this Act;

(2) The names of all other mid wives who have been certified under this Act.

The entry on the roll shall in every case indicate the conditions in virtue of which the certificate was granted.

7. The Central Midwives Board shall, with the previous sanction of the Privy Council, appoint a secretary and such other officers as may be required, and every person so appointed shall be paid such salary as the Privy Council may approve, and shall be removable at the pleasure of the Board. The secretary shall be charged with the custody of the roll.

A copy of the roll of midwives, purporting to be printed by the authority of the Board or to be signed by the secretary to the Board, shall be evidence in all courts that the women therein specified are certified under this Act; and the absence of the name of any woman from such copy shall be evidence, until the contrary be made to appear, that such woman is not certified under this Act: Provided always that, in the case of any woman whose name does not appear in such copy, a certificate, under the hand of the secretary, of the entry of the name of such woman

Ch. 17.

23

1902.

Midwives Act, 1902.

on the roll shall be evidence that such woman is certified under this Act.

8. Every council of a county or county borough throughout Local super-England and Wales shall, on the commencement of this Act, be the local supervising authority over mid wives within the area of the said county or county borough. It shall be the duty of the local supervising authority —

(1) To exercise general supervision over all midwives practising within their area in accordance with the rules to be laid down under this Act;

(2) To investigate charges of malpractice, negligence or misconduct on the part of any midwife practising within their area, and, should a prim& facie case be established, to report the same to the Central Midwives Board;

(3) To suspend any midwife from practice, in accordance with the rules under this Act, if such suspension appears necessary in order to prevent the spread of infection;

(4) To report at once to the said Board the name of any midwife practising in their area convicted of an offence;

(5) During the month of January of each year, to supply the secretary of the Central Mid wives Board with the names and addresses of all midwives who, during the preceding year, have notified their intention to practise within their area, and to keep a current copy of the roll of mid wives, accessible at all reasonable times for public inspection;

(6) To report at once to the Central Mid wives Board the death of any midwife or any change in the name or address of any midwife in their area, so that the necessary alteration may be made in the roll;

(7) To give due notice of the effect of the Act, so far as practicable, to persons at present using the title of midwife.

The local supervising authority may delegate, with or without any restrictions or conditions, as they may think fit, any powers or duties conferred or imposed upon them by or in pursuance of this Act to a committee appointed by them and consisting either wholly or partly of members of the council; and the provisions of subsections one and two of section eighty-two of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall apply to every committee appointed under this section and to every council appointing the same; and women shall be eligible to serve on any such committees.

9. A county council may delegate, with or without any restric- Delegation of tions or conditions, as they may think fit. any powers or duties powers to conferred or imposed upon them by or in pursuance of this Act coundls to any district council within the area of the county; and the powers and duties so delegated may be exercised by a committee appointed by such district council and consisting either wholly or partly of members of the district council; and women shall be eligible to serve on any such committee. Any expenses incurred by a district council in the execution of nny powers or duties so delegated shall, to an amount not exceeding such sum as may be

24 Ch. 17. Midwives Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Notification of practice.

Penalty for obtaining a certificate by false representation.

Penalty for wilful falsification of the roll.

Prosecution of offences.

Appeal.

prescribed by the county council, be repaid to such district council as a debt by the county council; and any excess above the sum so prescribed shall be borne by the district council as part of their ordinary expenses.

The provisions of this section shall apply to the administrative county of London in like manner as if each metropolitan borough were a county district and the borough council were the district council of that district.

10. Every woman certified under this Act shall, before holding herself out as a practising midwife or commencing to practise as a midwife in any area, give notice in writing of her intention so to do to the local supervising authority or to the body to whom, for the time being, the powers and duties of the local supervising authority shall have been delegated under this Act, and shall give a like notice in the month of January in every year thereafter during which she continues to practise in such area.

Such notice shall be given to the local supervising authority of the area within which such woman usually resides or carries on her practice, and the like notice shall be given to every other local supervising authority or delegated body within whose area such woman at any time practises or acts as a midwife, within forty-eight hours at the latest after she commences so to practise or act.

Every such notice shall contain such particulars as may be required by the rules under this Act to secure the identification of the person giving it; and, if any woman omits to give the said notices, or any of them, or knowingly or wilfully makes or causes or procures any other person to make any false statement in any such notice, she shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

11. Any woman who procures, or attempts to procure, a certificate under this Act by making or producing, or causing to be made or produced, any false and fraudulent declaration, certificate or representation, either in writing or otherwise, shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall, on conviction thereof, be liable to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding twelve months.

12. Any person wilfully making, or causing to be made, any falsification in any matter relating to the roll of midwives shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be liable to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding twelve months.

13. Any offences under this Act punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted by the local supervising authority.

The expenses of any such prosecution shall be defrayed by the council of the county or county borough in which the prosecution takes place.

14. Where any woman deems herself aggrieved by any determination of any court of summary jurisdiction under this Act such woman may appeal therefrom to the court of quarter sessions.

1902. Midwives Act, 1902. Ch. 17, 18. 25

15. Any expenses under this' Act payable by the council of a Expenses of county or county borough shall be defrayed out of the county fund !ocal superTis-or out of the borough fund or borough rate, as the case may be. mg aut onty '

16. Nothing in this Act respecting midwives shall apply to Act^ not to apply

legally qualified medical practitioners. petitioners.

[Extent of Act.]

17. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

The General Medical Council shall act by the English Branch E^Ush°n by

Council, which, for all purposes of this Act, shall occupy the place Branch of the General Medical Council. Council.

18. In this Act — Definitions.

The term "midwife" means a woman who is certified under this Act, unless the context otherwise requires;

"Central Midwives Board" means the Board constituted under this Act for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Act.

[Short title and

19. This Act may be cited as the Midwives Act, 1902. It shall, except as otherwise provided by this Act, come into operation on J£""ence' the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and three. meu '

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the Law relating to issue of Licences for the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors in Ireland.

[31st July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[

title of Act.]

1. This Act shall extend to Ireland only, and may be cited as the Extent and Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1902.

2. From and after the passing of this Act, no licence shall be Provision granted for the sale of intoxicating liquors, whether for consumption agabsttfce

issue of new

on or on the premises, except — licences.

(1) For premises which are now licensed or which were licensed at any time since the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and two; or

(2) For an hotel, which expression shall refer to a house containing at least, ten apartments set apart and used exclusively for the sleeping accommodation of travellers, and having no public bar for the sale of intoxicating liquors; or

(3) For a railway refreshment room.

3. Where, by reason of the expiration of a lease, a licence for Expiring the sale of intoxicating liquors for consumption on the premises bases, comprised in the lease is extinguished or surrendered, the licensing authority may, notwithstanding anything in this Act, grant a licence for suitable premises in the immediate vicinity of the premises to which the licence so extinguished or surrendered was attached.

26 Ch. 18. Licensing (Ireland), 1902. 2 Edw.

Limit as to population.

Limit as to valuation of licensed premises.

Exception in favour of adjoining premises.

Transfers not to be affected.

Definitions.

Limit of operation of Act.

4. Where, owing to increase in population, there is a growth or extension of any city or town, and the licensing authority are satisfied that the restrictions in this Act on the granting of licences may be relaxed, they may grant a licence to any applicant, notwithstanding that the same would he otherwise forbidden by this Act; provided that such licence shall be granted only for premises situate in the parish in which such increase in population has taken place, and in substitution for an existing licence or licences held in respect of premises situate within the city or town, as the case may be, comprising the whole or any part of the parish.

5. In the case of applications under section two, subsection two, and sections three and four, the premises shall be valued under the Irish Valuation Acts at Uot less than —

Thirty pounds in the Dublin Metropolitan Police District and the city of Belfast;

Twenty pounds in the cities of Cork, Limerick, Waterford, and Londonderry;

Fifteen pounds in the city of Kilkenny and the town of Galway;

Twelve pounds in any other town of over ten thousand inhabitants at the census ascertained next preceding the application: and

Ten pounds in all other places.

6. Nothing in this Act shall operate to prevent the granting of new licences, where the licensing authority thinks fit, to premises attached to or adjoining premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquors at the date of the passing of this Act; provided always that such new licence as last herein-before mentioned shall only be granted in order to render the said licensed premises more suitable for the business carried on therein.

7. Nothing in this Act shall be taken to affect the law as to the transfer or assignment of licences from one person to another or as to the renewal of licences.

8. In this Act —

The expression "increase in population" shall be taken to mean an increase of not less than twenty-five per cent, of the population according to the last census;

The expression "licence" means any licence for the sale of intoxicating liquor granted by an officer of excise, other than a wholesale beer dealer’s licence or a licence required for a military or constabulary canteen or a licence which can be granted without the production of a certificate of a recorder or justice; and

Other expressions shall have respectively the same meaning as in the Licensing (Ireland) Acts, 1833 to 1900, and for this purpose this Act shall be construed with the said Acts.

9. This Act shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and seven, and no longer unless Parliament shall otherwise determine.

1902. Education Act, 1901, (Renewal) 1902. Ch. 19, 20. 27

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to renew the Education Act, 1901.

[31st July 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Education Act, 1901, shall have effect, as respects the Renewal of year ending the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and three, as if "one thousand nine hundred and two" were substituted for "one thousand nine hundred and one" in section one of that Act.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Education Act, 1901, (Renewal) Act, 1902.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts.

[8th August 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title and

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Libraries (Ireland) Act, 1902, and shall be construed as one with the Public Libraries Act cVron:

(Ireland), 1855 (herein-after referred to as the principal Act), and c. .|0. the Public Libraries (Ireland) Act, 1894; and the said Acts of 1855 &7 & 58 Vict, and 1894 and this Act maybe cited collectively as the Public c*38. Libraries (Ireland) Acts, 1855 to 1902.

2. The principal Act may be adopted for any rural district by Rural district the rural district council, and the provisions of the Public Libraries,

(Ireland) Act, 1894, other than subsections (2) to (8) inclusive of Act. 'Pd section one and section two thereof, shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to such rural district and rural district council as if the same were an urban district and urban authority respectively.

3. On the adoption of the principal Act for a rural district, the Library rural district council shall be the library authority for such rural au, llorlty‘ district, to the exclusion- of the town commissioners of any town comprised in that district: Provided that a rural district council may at any time pass a resolution rescinding the resolution for the adoption of the principal Act, and this section shall thereupon cease to have effect in relation to that rural district, unless and until a new resolution for the adoption of the principal Act is passed by the district council.

28 Ch. 20, 21. Public Libraries (Ireland), 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Expenses of rural district councils.

61 cSt 62 Vict. c. 37.

Use of schools as libraries.

County-councils may make grants.

Offences.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 53.

Byelaws and repeal.

1 Edw. 7. c. 19.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

4. The money required by a rural district council for the purposes of the principal Act shall be raised equally over the whole district, and shall be supplied by the council of the county comprising the district in the manner provided by the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, as part of the expenses of the district council.

5. Any library authority may enter into agreements with the managers of any school for the use of such school as a library and for the care of the books and the management of the library, upon such terms as may be mutually agreed by and between such library authority and school managers.

6. Any county council may, out of the funds at its disposal for technical education, make a grant-in-aid to any library authority for the purchase of books by such library authority, or towards the maintenance of any public library belonging to or established by any such library authority.

7. The Libraries Offences Act, 1898, shall apply to any library established under the principal Act.

8. — (1) The provisions of the Public Libraries Act, 1901, enabling a library authority to make byelaws, and otherwise relating to such byelaws, shall extend to Ireland with the substitution of the Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts, 1855 to 1902, for the principal Act, and of sections two hundred and nineteen to two hundred and twenty-three of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, for sections one hundred and eighty-two to one hundred and eighty-six of the Public Health Act, 1875, and of the expression "sanitary authority " for " local authority."

(2) Section twelve of the Public Libraries Act, 1901, is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to prohibit compulsory Membership of Unregistered Shop Clubs or Thrift Funds, and to regulate such as are duly registered.

[8th August 1902.]

Membership of friendly society, &c. not to be condition of employment.

Employer not to require workman to join shop club, &c.

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be an offence under this Act if an employer shall make it a condition of employment —

(a) That any workman shall discontinue his membership of any friendly society; or

(b) That any workman shall not become a member of any friendly society other than the shop club or thrift fund.

2. It shall be an offence under this Act if an employer shall make it a condition of employment that any workman shall join a shop club or thrift fund, unless the shop club or thrift fund is

1902.

Ch. 21.

29

Shop Clubs Act, 1902.

registered under, the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, subject to the 59 60 Vict,

provisions of this Act, and certified under this Act by the Registrar c* 25* of Friendly Societies.

No shop club or thrift fund shall be so certified unless the Registrar of Friendly Societies is satisfied —

(a) That the shop club or thrift fund is one that affords to the workman benefits of a substantial kind, in the form of contributions or benefits at the cost of the employer in addition to those provided by the contributions of the workman;

(b) That the shop club or thrift fund is of a permanent character and is not a society that annually or periodically divides its funds, and that no member of such shop club or thrift fund shall, except in accordance with the provisions of section six of this Act, be required to cease his membership in such shop club or thrift fund upon leaving the firm with which such club or fund is connected.

Before so certifying any shop club or thrift fund, the Registrar shall take steps to ascertain the views of the workmen, and shall be satisfied that at least seventy-five per cent, of the workmen desire the establishment of such shop club or thrift fund, and further shall consider any objections that they may make to the certification.

3. The regulations contained in the schedule of this Act shall Regulations, apply to any shop club or thrift fund certified under this Act.

4. Every person who commits an offence within the meaning Penalty, of this Act shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction within one year of a previous conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds:

Provided that, where an offence is committed in respect of several persons at the same time, the offender shall not be convicted of more than one offence.

5. Nothing in this Act shall prohibit compulsory membership Exemption of any superannuation fund, insurance or other society already of railway8' existing for the benefit of the persons employed by any railway company, to the funds of which such company contributes.

6. In any case where a workman, by the conditions of his Compensation employment, is a member of a shop club, he shall, upon his ^a^rk^a°e dismissal from, or upon leaving, his employment, unless contrary to member of 6 7 the rules of the club, have the option of remaining a member or shop club, of having returned to him the amount of his share of the funds of

the club, to be ascertained by actuarial calculation:Provided that every such member who shall exercise the option to remain a member of the club shall not, so long as he remains out of such employment, be entitled to take any part in the management of the club, or to vote iu respect thereof.

7. In this Act —

Definitions.

The term "friendly society" means a friendly society registered under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, and includes a registered branch, and in application to Scotland and

30

Ch. 21.

Shop Clubs, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

[Short title.]

Date of Act.

Section 3.

Ireland the word "registrar" means the registrar as defined in that Act:

The expression "shop club" or "thrift fund" means every club and society for providing benefits to workmen in connection with a workshop, factory, dock, shop or warehouse.

8, This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and three.

9. This Act may be cited as the Shop Clubs Act, 1902.

SCHEDULE.

Regulations as to Certification under this Act.

The rules of a shop club or thrift fund (herein-after termed " the society ’*) shall provide for the following matters: —

i. The name and place of office of the society.

ii. The whole of the objects for which the society is to be established, the purposes for which the funds thereof shall be applicable, the terms of admission of members, the conditions under which any member may become entitled to any benefit assured thereby, and the fines and forfeitures to be imposed on any member and the consequences of non-payment of any subscription or fine.

iii. The mode of holding meetings and right of voting, and the manner of making, altering and rescinding rules.

iv. The appointment and removal of a committee of management (by whatever name), of a treasurer and other officers, and of trustees.

v. The investment of the funds, the keeping of the accounts, and the audit of the same once a year at least.

vi. Annual returns to the registrar of the receipts, funds, effects and expenditure and numbers of members of the society.

vii. The inspection of the books of the society by every person having an interest in the funds of the society.

viii. The manner in which disputes shall be settled.

ix. The keeping separate accounts of all moneys received or paid on account of every particular fund or benefit assured for which a separate table of contributions payable shall have been adopted, and the keeping separate account of the expenses of management and of all contributions on account thereof.

x. A valuation once at least in every five years of the assets and liabilities of the society, including the estimated risks and contributions.

xi. The voluntary dissolution of the society by consent of not less than five-sixths in value of the persons contributing to the funds of the society, and of every person for the time being entitled to any benefit from the funds of the society, unless his claim be first satisfied or adequately provided for. xii. The right of one-fifth of the total number of members, or of one hundred members in the case of a society of one thousand members and not exceeding ten thousand, or of five hundred members in the case of a society of more than ten thousand members, to apply to the chief registrar, or, in any case of societies registered and doing business exclusively in Scotland or Ireland, to the assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland, for an investigation of the affairs of the society or for winding up the same.

1902. Public Works Loam Act, 1902. Ch. 22. 31

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[8th August 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by Grants for the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely public works.

(a) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of six million pounds;

(b) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. 50 51 Vict.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several Certain debts local loans specified in the schedule to this Act should, to the ag

extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned of iocai as assets of the local loans fund established under the National loans fund. Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore the principal of the J0* 51 ^lct-said loans shall, to that extent, be written off from the assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

3. Whereas there is due to the Public Works Loan Commis- Remission of sioners from the Wick and Pulteney Harbour Trustees the sum of certain claims fifty-seven thousand eight hundred and twenty- one pounds thirteen Pulteney shillings and twopence, being the balance of sums, amounting in Harbour all to sixty-two thousand pounds, which, during the years one Trustees, thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, were advanced by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to the British Fisheries Society, then the harbour authority for the harbour of Pulteney, in the county of Caithness, towards the expense of constructing a breakwater and other works in connexion with the said harbour, which works were carried out at a total cost of about one hundred and thirty thousand pounds, but were demolished by the action of the sea within a few years after their construction;

And whereas the said sum of fifty-seven thousand eight hundred and twenty-one pounds thirteen shillings and twopence was, under the Public Works Loans Act, 1887, written off from the account of so & 51 Vict, the acsets of the Local Loans Fund; c. 37.

32 Ch. 22. Public Works Loans Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Remission of balance of loan and arrears of interest due from the Waterford, Dungarvan and Lismore Railway Company.

61 & 62 Vict. c. ccliii.

Remission of balance of loan and arrears of interest due from the Derry Central Railway Company.

And whereas the revenue of the said harbour is insufficient to discharge the said debt, and the existence of the debt prejudices the harbour trustees in carrying out necessary works for the improvement of the harbour, and it is expedient that the said debt should be extinguished:

Therefore the said debt, including all claims for interest thereon, shall be extinguished, and the amount thereof shall be deemed a free grant from Parliament.

4. Whereas the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, between the years one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, made advances amounting in all to the sum of ninety-three thousand two hundred and seventy pounds sixteen shillings and eightpence to the Waterford, Dungarvan and Lismore Railway Company, for the purpose of completing the construction of their railway running between the city of Waterford aod the town of Lismore, both situated in the county of Waterford, and such advances were repayable by instalments within twenty years, with interest at the rate of four per cent, per annum;

And whereas the receipts of the railway when completed proved insufficient to meet the capital instalments and interest, and arrears of interest, amounting to fifty-four thousand five hundred and ninety-nine pounds thirteen shillings and one penny, accrued up to the thirtieth day of June one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and are unpaid;

And whereas, by the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Act, 1898, an agreement for sale of said railway by the Treasury to the Fishguard and Rosslare Railway Company, freed of all claims in respect of said advances for principal and interest, for the sum of ninety-three thousand pounds, was confirmed, and the said purchase money has been since paid:

Therefore the balance of the said principal debt, amounting to two hundred and sixty pounds sixteen shillings and eightpence, shall be extinguished, and the said arrears of interest remaining unpaid, amounting to fifty-four thousand five hundred and ninety-nine pounds thirteen shillings and one penny, remitted, and the said balance of principal and the said arrears of interest shall be deemed to be a free grant by Parliament.

5. Whereas the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, between the years one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, made advances amounting in all to the sum of one hundred thousand pounds to the Derry Central Railway Company, for the purpose of completing the construction of their railway connecting the town of Magherafelt with the town of Coleraine, both situated in the county of Londonderry, and such advances were repayable by instalments within twenty-two years, with interest at the rate of five per cent, (subsequently reduced to four per cent.) per annum;

And whereas the receipts of the railway proved insufficient to meet the capital instalments and interest, and arrears of interest, amounting to thirty-three thousand and twenty-six pounds eleven

1902. Public Works Loans Act, 1902. Ch. 22. 33

shillings and one penny, accrued due up to the twentieth day of September nineteen hundred and one, and are unpaid;

And whereas, by the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway l Edw. 7. Act, 1901, an agreement for sale of said railway by the Treasury c-ccllx* to the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company, freed of all claims in respect of said advances for principal or interest, for the sum of eighty-five thousand pounds, was confirmed, and said purchase money has been since paid:

Therefore the balance of the said principal debt, amounting to fifteen thousand pounds, shall be extinguished, and the said arrears of interest remaining unpaid and Amounting to thirty-three thousand and twenty-six pounds eleven shillings and one penny remitted, and the said balance of principal and the said arrears of interest shall be deemed to be a free grant by Parliament.

[Short title.]

6. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1902.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

LOAN BY THE PUBLIC WORKS LOAN COMMISSIONERS. Loan under the Labouring Classes Dwelling Houses Act, 1866 (29 & 30 Vict. c. 28).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

Richard Lawrence Cosh £ 12,000 8. 0 0 £ 8. d. 3, 101 5 0

X:

Part II.

LOANS BY THE COMMISSIONERS OF PUBLIC WORKS, IRELAND.

(1.) Loans under the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847 (10 Vict. c. 32).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

£ 8. d. £ 8.

James Gordon - 120 0 0 2 10 0

Honora Cahill - 60 0 0 31 14 9

180 0 0 34 4 9

C

34

Ch. 22. Public Works Loans Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7

(2.) Loans under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 31).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

James Hughes - £ 180 0 0 £ 8. d. 116 10 6

John Moore - 50 0 0 28 18 5

Bartholomew Sullivan - 55 0 0 36 2 5

Denis Sullivan - 80 0 0 36 10 7

Francis Finn - 30 0 0 16 3 6

Denis Courtney - 56 0 0 40 16 0

John Bane - 50 0 0 37 2 7

William Wright - 50 0 0 49 4 6

William Wright - 100 0 0 97 13 4

651 0 0 459 1 10

(3.) Loans under the Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1831 (1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 33), and the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877 (40 & 41 Vict. c. 27).

i Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

Waterford, Dungarvan and Lismore Railway Company. Derry Central Railway Company £ 8. d. 93, 270 16 8 100,000 0 0 £ 8. d. 260 16 8 15,000 0 0

193, 270 16 8 15, 260 16 8

Part III.

Loan by the Irish Land Commission under the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885 (48 & 49 Vict. c. 73).

Name of Borrower. Amount Amount to be

Advanced. Written off.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d.

John O’Brien ... 666 0 0 470 16 7

1902. Public Works Loam Act, 1902. Ch. 22, 23, 24. 35

Part IV.

LOANS BY THE FISHERY BOARD FOR SCOTLAND.

Loans under the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 29).

Names and Addresses of Borrowers. Fishery District. Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

£ £ *.

Norman Cunningham, John Cunningham, and Neil Cunningham, all of Scalpay, Tarbert, Harris. Stornoway - 30 14 16 1

Murdo Mackay, William Mackenzie, Angus Macdonald, Maloolm Murray, and Torquil Macdonald, all of Sulishader; and Murdo McSween, Garrabost, Stornoway. Stornoway - 234 17 5 11

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

[8th August 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The additional duties of Customs on tobacco, tea and Continuation spirits removed or imported into the Isle of Man, imposed by ^t^‘n0Dal section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1900, and the tobacco, tea, additional duty on ale and beer removed or imported into the Isle spirits, ale of Man, imposed by the second paragraph of section two of that JS^Vict Act, shall continue to be charged, levied and paid as from the c. 31. first day of August one thousand nine hundred and two until the first day of August one thousand nine hundred and three.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1902.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to facilitate the execution and maintenance of Marine Works in Ireland, and for other like purposes.

[8th August 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

36

Ch. 24.

Marine Works (Ireland) Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Certified works, and execution thereof.

Amount of county contribution.

1. — (1) Where it is certified to the Treasury by the Lord Lieutenant that the construction, reconstruction, repair or improvement under this Act of a marine work, or the appurtenances thereof, or any approaches thereto, or any part of the same respectively, is necessary for the development of any industry or trade carried on by the inhabitants of a congested districts county, and that, owing to exceptional circumstances, the work cannot be executed without special assistance from the State, the Treasury may make advances by way of grant to the Board of Works, to be applied by them in the execution and equipment of the certified work: Provided that the Treasury shall not make any such advance unless —

(a) they are satisfied that the Congested Districts Board, the Department of Agriculture and local authorities have, by the free grant of land, or by agreeing to make and maintain ancillary works, or otherwise, and that persons locally interested have, in such manner as aforesaid or by pecuniary contributions given all reasonable assistance and facilities in their power towards the objects of the work; and

(b) the council of the county or, if more than one, of each county, appearing to the Lord Lieutenant to be interested in the work, have agreed to pay such an annual sum as is herein-after mentioned (in this Act referred to as " the county contribution ").

(2) The Board of Works may make, or procure to be made, any surveys, maps, plans, and estimates necessary for the execution of the certified work, and the costs and expenses of and incidental to the making thereof shall be defrayed out of the advances to be made under this Act.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the Board of Works shall have all the powers conferred by the Lands Clauses Acts upon the promoters of an undertaking:Provided that, for the said purposes, the award of the arbitrator under those Acts shall be final, and the provisions of those Acts with respect to traverses shall not apply.

(4) The Board of Works may execute the certified work, or, with the approval of the Treasury, enter into an agreement or contract with any county or district council, or any public department or person, for the execution thereof or any part thereof, or any work ancillary thereto.

2. Subject to the provisions of this section, the county contribution in respect of a certified work shall, where one county only is interested in the work, be such an annual sum as the Lord Lieutenant may fix, being not less than one-and-a-half per cent, of the total cost of the work, and shall, where more than one county is so interested, be such proportionate part of the said annual sum as the Lord Lieutenant, having regard to the prospective benefit to the inhabitants of the county from the work, may fix:

Provided that, if there is at any time standing to the credit of the general maintenance fund herein-after mentioned a sum of not less than six thousand pounds, the Lord Lieutenant may reduce the county contributions in respect of all certified works by a uniform

1902. Marine Works (Ireland) Act, 1902. Ch. 24. 37

percentage; but the reduction shall be so calculated that the contributions, as and when reduced, shall be sufficient for the purpose of defraying the expenses and charges payable out of the general maintenance fund.

Provided nevertheless that if, at any time after such reduction as aforesaid has been made, the general maintenance fund is, in the opinion of the Lord Lieutenant, insufficient for the said purpose, he may in like manher increase the said contributions; but the amount of any contribution shall not exceed the amount originally fixed by him,

3. — (1) The county contribution, in the case of a county borough, Provisions

shall be payable out of the borough fund or borough rate, and, in to

the case of any other county, shall be payable out of the county JSSycoutii-fund, and may be raised equally by means of the poor rate, either buttons, over the whole county, or over the whole of any county district or

districts comprised in the county, according as the county council, with the approval of the Lord Lieutenant, may determine.

(2) The Lord Lieutenant may make an order for the payment of any sum due by a county council to the Board of Works in respect of a county contribution, and, upon such order being made, section eighty of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, 61 & 62 Vict, relating to imperative presentments, shall apply to that sum. c. 87.

4. All certified works shall be vested in the Board of Works, General and, for the purposes of this section, that Board shall establish a maintenance general maintenance fund, and shall carry thereto all county contributions, and, subject as aforesaid, the expenses of the inspection, maintenance and repair of the certified works, and the salaries

or remuneration of any harbour constables or collectors of tolls and rates, appointed for the purposes of the certified works, shall be defrayed by that Board out of the said fund, and, in case and so far as that fund is insufficient, out of moneys provided by Parliament: Provided that the Board of Works may, with the sanction of the Treasury, lease the work or the revenue thereof to any county or district council, or public department or person, for such term and subject to such conditions as the Treasury may sanction.

5. A certified work, or any work ancillary thereto, shall not Freedom from for a period of ten years from the completion of the work, be assessed to any local rate at a higher value than that at which i^ratee.10 the land occupied by the work would have been assessed if it had remained in the condition in which it was immediately before

it was acquired for the purposes of the work.

6. — (1) The Chief Secretary may, with the approval of the Tolls, rates and Treasury, fix the tolls and rates to be paid by vessels using any rent* certified work, and on all or any live stock, fish, goods or articles

landed or shipped at any certified work, and, for the purpose of enforcing payment thereof, section thirteen of the Public Works 6 Will. 4 (Ireland) Act, 1836 (which provides for the appointment ofc*108, collectors and enforcing payment of tolls), is incorporated with this Act.

38 Ch. 24. Marine Works (Ireland) Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Byelaws.

9 Vict. c. 8.

Harbour

constable.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 136.

Provision of money for purposes of Act.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 84.

Provision with respect to harbour of Liscannor.

(2) The tolls and rates payable in respect of a certified work and received by the Board of Works shall be paid or credited by them to the council of the county interested in the work, or, where more than one county is so interested, to the councils of the interested counties respectively, in the same proportions as the respective county contributions of those councils in respect of the work:

Provided that, if in any year the total amount of tolls and rates received by the Board of Works in respect of the work exceeds the total amount of the said county contribution or contributions, the balance shall be carried to the general maintenance fund under this Act.

(3) The last preceding subsection shall apply, with such modifications as the Treasury may in each case sanction, to any rent reserved by a lease of a certified work, or the revenue thereof, in like manner as it applies to the said tolls and rates.

7. — (1) Sections seventy and seventy-one of the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1846 (relating to byelaws), are incorporated with this Act, but all byelaws made thereunder relating to any certified work shall be subject to the approval of the Lord Lieutenant.

(2) The limits within which the Board of Works shall have power to make such byelaws, and which shall be deemed to be the limit to which their jurisdiction extends for all purposes (including the power to levy tolls and rates) connected with a certified work, shall comprise the work and the appurtenances thereof and an area below high-water mark within a distance of two hundred yards from the seaward extremities of the work in every direction.

8. The Board of Works may appoint a harbour constable for any certified work for the purposes specified in section nine of the Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1853, at such salary as the Treasury may sanction, and such harbour constable shall have all the powers conferred on a harbour constable by that section.

9. — (1) Any money raised under section four of the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, may be applied for the purposes of advances under this Act, and the limit of five hundred thousand pounds under that section on the total amount advanced* shall be increased to six hundred thousand pounds.

(2) Any money received by the Board of Works in respect of any means of communication assisted by them in pursuance of section nine of the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, and not applicable for the purposes of that Act, shall be applied by them for the purposes for which advances under this Act are applicable.

10. The Lord Lieutenant may, with the consent of the Treasury, declare that the reconstruction, repair or improvement of the harbour of Liscannor, in the county of Clare, shall be regarded as a certified work under this Act, notwithstanding that the work may not be necessary for the development of any trade or industry carried on by the inhabitants of a congested districts county, and

1902. Marine Works (Ireland) Act, 1902. Ch. 24, 25. 39

thereupon the foregoing provisions of this Act shall apply to that work, with the following modifications: —

(1) The advance to be made by the Treasury shall not exceed two-thirds of the cost of the execution and equipment of the work;

(2) The balance of that cost shall be defrayed by the Department of Agriculture and by persons locally interested, in such proportions as may be agreed upon; and

(3) Any reference in this Act to the Congested Districts Board shall not apply.

11. — (1) Where any marine work has become the public property Provision with of a county, in pursuance of section seven of the Grand Jury re8P.ect to (Ireland) Act, 1853, the council of the county and the Board of being the°r 8 Works may agree that the work shall become vested in the Board public property of Works, and shall be inspected, maintained and kept in repair

by that Board out of the general maintenance fund under this c> 136,

Act, and such agreement shall have effect accordingly; and the provisions of this Act relating to certified works vested in that Board shall thereupon apply to the said work.

(2) An agreement under this section shall contain a covenant for the payment to the Board of Works by the county council of such an annual sum as the Lord Lieutenant may certify to be properly payable by the council as a county contribution in respect of the work, and the provisions of this Act relating to county contributions shall apply to that sum.

12. In this Act — Definitions The expression "marine work" includes any physical construction or operation required for, or connected with, the purposes of navigation;

The expression "the Board of Works" means the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland;

The expression "the Department of Agriculture" means the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland; and

The expressions "the Congested Districts Board" and "congested districts county" have the same meanings as in the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891. 54 & 55 Vict.

[Short title.]

13. This Act may be cited as the Marine Works (Ireland) Act 1902.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to amend the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Acts in regard to the Law relating to the Bating of Machinery.

[8th August 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

40

Ch. 25, 26. Lands Valuation (Scotland) Amendment 2 Edw. 7-

Act, 1902.

Provision as 1. Section forty-two of the Valuation Act, 1854, shall be read whtjt« and construed as if the following proviso were inserted after the

fixedCoJnery words "and all machinery fixed or attached to any lands or

attached." heritages, " that is to say: Provided that, in any building occupied for any trade, business or manufacturing process, the expression "machinery fixed or attached" shall be construed as including all machinery, machines or plant in or on the lands or heritages for producing or transmitting first motive power, or for heating or lighting such building, but, save as herein provided, shall not include machines, tools or appliances which are only so fixed that they can be removed from their place without necessitating the removal of any part of the building.

Construction, 2. This Act shall be read and construed as one with the Lands short title Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, and any Act amending the same, r^&nfvict. and "ay be cited separately as the Lands Valuation (Scotland) c. 9i. Amendment Act, 1902, and shall apply to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to substitute the Government of the Commonwealth of Australia for the Governments of the States of New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria in the Pacific Cable Act, 1901.

[8th August 1902.]

WHEREAS, as a consequence of the transfer to the Commonwealth of Australia (under the constitution of the Commonwealth) of the posts, telegraphs and telephone departments in each of the States of New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria, any such obligation of the said States to provide l Edw. 7. c. 3l. money on account of the Pacific cable as is recited in the Pacific Cable Act, 1901, has been undertaken by the Government of the Commonwealth, and any right of the said States to share in the profits of the cable has become vested in the Commonwealth:

And whereas it is expedient to make such amendments in the Pacific Cable Act, 1901, as are necessary for the purpose of substituting the Commonwealth for the said States:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Substitution 1. — (1) The Government of the Commonwealth of Australia

of Australian shall be substituted in the Pacific Cable Act, 1901, for the for'statesT^ Governments of the States of New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria, and the Colonial Governments referred to in that Act shall accordingly be the Governments of Canada, of the Commonwealth of Australia and of New Zealand.

(2) Two members representing the Government of the Commonwealth of Australia shall be substituted, as members of the Pacific

1902. Pacific Cable (Amendment) Act, 1902. Ch. 26, 27. 41

Cable Board in the Schedule to the said Act, for two members representing the Governments of the States of New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria, and the Government of the Commonwealth may appoint two members accordingly to represent them on the Board; but, until the Government of the Commonwealth appoint a member in his stead, the Honourable Henry Copeland (the surviving representative on the Board of the Governments of the States) shall be one of the members of the Board representing the Government of the Commonwealth.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Pacific Cable (Amendment) Act, 1902.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one and one thousand nine hundred and three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[8th August 1902.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grants out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the issue of ioo/. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards out of making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service 1 4 of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand

nine hundred and one, the sum of one hundred pounds.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the i88ue of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards 77, 527, 601/. making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of Comwiidated the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand Fund, nine hundred and three, the sum of seventy-seven million five hundred and twenty-seven thousand six hundred and one pounds.

3. — -(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and

the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit

42 Ch. 27. Appropriation Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

40 & 41 Vict. C. 2.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 24.

Treasury may, in certain eases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided fori provided that the aggregate grants for the navy services and for the army services respectively be not exceeded.

of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole seventy-seven million five hundred and twenty-seven thousand seven hundred and one pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and three, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

4. All sums granted by this Act and the other Act mentioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of one hundred and fifty-one million two hundred and twenty-one thousand six hundred and ninety-seven pounds two shillings and fivepence, are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Act mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule B. annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

5. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course, the department entrusted with the control over the said service shall forthwith make application in writing to the Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have been, or which may be, effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same department; and in such application the department shall represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury

1902. Appropriation Act, 1902. Ch. 27. 43

may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been, or which may be, effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said department, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

6. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by the Appropriation Act, 1900, the Appropriation Act, 1900 (Session 2), and the Appropriation Act, 1901, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Acts to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses effected by the saving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military eervices for the said year, viz.,

1st. A sum of three hundred and twelve thousand eight hundred and fifty-two pounds five shillings and fivepence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated Appropriations in Aid:

2nd. A sum of three million five hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred and twenty pounds two shillings and elevenpence for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated Appropriations in Aid:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

7. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made* at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

8. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1902.

Sanction for navy and army expenditure for 1900-1901 unprovided for.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 57.

64 Vict. c. 2. and 1 Edw. 7. c. 21.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

[Short title.]

44

Ch. 27.

Appropriation Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

£ d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund ... 151.221, 697 2 5

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

1900-1901-1902.

Part 1. Civil Services Excesses, 1900-1901, 2. Army Excesses, 1900-1901, 3. Navy (Supplementary), 1901-1902

, 4. Army (Supplementary), 1901-1902

, 5. Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1901-1902

1902-1903.

, 6. Navy - - .

* (Army (Ordnance Factories) -

8. Civil Services, Class I.

9. Ditto, Class 11.

10. Ditto, Class 111.

11. Ditto, Class IY.

12. Ditto, Class Y.

13. Ditto, Class VI.

14. Ditto, Class VII.

, 15. Lord Kitchener of Khartoum Total Civil Services -, 16. Revenue Departments, &c. -Grand Total

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations Aid. in

£ 8. d. £ d.

155 2 5 3, 455 14 7

100 0 0 932, 780 1 6 0

200,000 0 0 100,000 0 0

5,000,000 0 0 —

312, 241 .0 0 -*1,000 0 0

5, 512, 496 2 5 1, 035, 236 11 1

31, 255, 500 0 0 1, 121, 217 0 0

69, 310,000 0 0 4, 550, 299 0 0

355,000 0 0 4, 650,000 0 0

2, 306, 402 0 0 87, 273 0 0

2, 606, 224 0 0 580, 042 0 0

3, 862, 773 0 0 734, 364 0 0

13, 034, 451 0 0 61, 218 0 0

4, 263, 939 0 0 110, 195 0 0

630, 740 0 0 145 0 0

230, 922 0 0 8, 200 0 0

50,000 0 0 —

26, 985, 451 0 0 1, 581, 437 0 0

17, 803, 250 0 0 459, 745 0 0

151, 221, 697 2 5 13, 397, 934 11 1

• Deficit.

1902,

Appropriation Act, 1902. Ch. 27,

45

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the years ended on the 31st March £ I. d. 1901 and 1902

Under Act 2 Edw. 7. c. 1. - 5, 512, 396 2 5

Under this Act - 100 0 0

For the service of the year ending on 31st March 1903: —

Under Act 2 Edw. 7. c. 1. - - 68, 181, 600 0 0

Under this Act - 77, 527, 601 0 0

Total .... £151, 221, 697 2 5

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Civil Services Excesses, 1900-1901.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Sum granted to make good excesses on certain Grants for Civil Services, for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1901, viz.: — Class T. Peterhead Harbour - Class III. Prisons, England and the Colonies £ e. d. 145 2 5 10 0 0 £ 1. d. 3, 455 14 7

Total - 155 2 5 3, 455 14 7

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Army Excesses, 1900- 1901.

Stuns not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. A in Aid.

Sum granted to make good excesses of Army Expenditure beyond the grants for the year ended 31st March 1901 - £ £ 8. d.

100 932, 780 16 6

SCHED. (B.) Part 1. Civil Services Excesses *

Sched. (B.) Part 2.

Army

Excesses.

46

Ch. 27,

Appropriation Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Sched. (B.) Past 8.

Navy Supplementary, 1901-1902.

SCHED. (B.) Part 4.

Army

(Supplementary),

1901-1902.

SCHED. (B.) Part 5.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1901-1902.

SCHEDULE (B.> — Part 3.

Navy Supplementary, 1901-1902.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure on Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st March 1902; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Sapply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote 8. Shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c. — Section III. Contract Work - -Vote 11. Miscellaneous effective services £ 150,000 50,000 £ 41.500 58.500

200,000 100,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4. Army Supplementary, 1901-1902.

Sum granted -to meet additional expenditure, due to the war in South Africa, for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1902; viz.: —

Transport and remounts - 2,000,000

Provisions, forage and other supplies ... 3,000,000

Total - - £5,000,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1901-1902.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1902; viz.: — *

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class II.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

For the expense of providing stationery, printing, paper, binding and printed books for the Public Service -

Sums net exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

3, 300

98,000

1902.

Appropriation Act, 1902

Ch. 27.

47

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Class III. For the Expenses of the prisons in England, Wales, and the Colonies - £ 34,000 £

Class V.

For expenses of His Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad - ... 13,000 6,000

Class VI.

For making good deficiencies on the Income Accounts of the Funds for trustee savings banks and friendly societies - 48, 941 . m

Total Civil Services - 197, 241 6,000

Revenue Departments.

For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department .... For the salaries and working expenses of the Post Office Telegraph Service - 40.000 75.000 3,000 -*10,000

Total Revenue Departments - 115,000 — *7, 0C0

Total Civil Service and Revenue Departments - - 312, 241 -*1,000

* Deficit.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1903; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Wo.

1. For wages, &c. to 122, 500 officers, seamen and boys, coastguard and Royal marines - _ - 5, 962,000 117, 545

2. For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including th# cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad - 2, 023, 500 489, 206

SCHED. (B.) Fast 5.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1901-1902.

SCHED. (B.) Part 6. Wavy.

48 Ch. 27. Appropriation Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7,

Scued. (B.) Part 6.

Navjr.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad 246, 500 22, 910

4. For martial law, including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad 17, 700 192

5. For educational services ... 101, 700 31, 623

6. For scientific services - 65, 600 20, 492

7. For the expenses of the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet reserve (including seamen pensioner reserve) and the reserve retired officers - 286, 900 177

8. Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad ... - 2, 661, 500 12, 915

, Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, <&c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad - 4, 812, 700 205,000

, Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c. - 7, 665, 800 72, 350

9. For naval armaments .... 3, 356, 400 63, 775

10. For works, buildings and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superin. tendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid and other charges connected therewith 1, 100,000 28,000

11. For various miscellaneous effective services - 368,000 13, 663

12. For the expenses of the Admiralty Office 294, 300 9, 00#

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines 782, 100 12, 252

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities and compassionate allowances - 1, 160, 700 21, 982

15. For civil pensions and gratuities 350, 100 435

Total Navy Services - 31, 255, 500 1, 121, 217

1902.

Ch. 27.

49

Appropriation, 1902.

SCHEDULE (fe.> — Part 7.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1903; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Ko.

1. For the pay, allowances and other charges of His Majesty's Army at home and abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments and reserve (to a number not exceeding 420,000), and departments -

2. For the pay, &c. of medical establishments and for medicines -

3. For the pay, bounty, &c. of the militia (to a number not exceeding 182,941, including 50,000 militia reserve) -

4. For the pay and allowances of the Imperial yeomanry in Great Britain -

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges of volunteer corps, including pay, &c. of the permanent staff -

6. For the expense of transport and remounts

7. For provisions, forage and other supplies

8. For clothing establishments and services -

9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other stores -

10. For the staff for engineer services and charges for Royal Engineer works, buildings and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases) -

11. For establishments for military education -

12. For miscellaneous effective services -

13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office -

14 For retired pay, half-pay and other non-effective charges for officers and others -

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals and the in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, for rewards for meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions, &c. to the widows and children of warrant officers, non-commissioned officers and men, &c.

16. For superannuation, compensation and com-

passionate allowances, and gratuities -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

18, 940, 400 1, 200,000

1, 025,000 3, 800

1, 381,000 15, 600

585,000 100

1.287.000 11.242.000 16.066.000 3.970.000 1, 600 163.000 1, 050, 400 381.000

8, 332,000 550,000

2, 190,000 120, 800 110, 800 122, 670 72, 110 112, 800

332,000 250

1, 786,000 389, 051

1, 747,000 489, 850

195,000 68

Total Army Services

69, 310,000

4, .=.50, 299;

D

Sched. (B.N Pam 7. Amy.

Appropriation Act, 1902.

50 Ca. 27. 2 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (H.)

Part 7. Army.

9 Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Abut (Ordnance Factories).

For the expense of the ordnanco factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy and Indian and Colonial Governments 355,000 4, 650,000

Total Army Services (including Ordnance \ Factories) - - j 69, 665,000 9, 200, 299

Sched. (3.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

Part 8.

Civil Services. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Class J.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums -which may be applied ns appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1903; viz.: —

So.

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces and Marlborough House -

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens

3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of Parliament buildings (including a supplementary sum of 5, 500Z.) -

4. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, Great Britain -

5. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings, Great Britain -

6. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad (including a supplementary sum of 1, 800Z.)

7. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad, including furniture, fuel and sundry miscellaneous services -

8. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes (including a supplementary sum of 12.500Z.) -

9. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for minor services connected therewith

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

72, 800 116, 200 S'O 6,000

49,000 350

48, 800 650

43, 300 75

41, 400 800

371,000 3, 035

426, 200 1 17, 073

i 208, 4G9 i 28, 880

1902.

Appropriation Act, 1902.

Ch, 27.

f51

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

10. For maintaining certain harbours under the Board of Trade and for grants in aid of harbours - 19, 061 2, 600

11. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead - 24,000

12. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &e., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department, and for a contribution towards the expense of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade (including a supplementary sum of 32,000l.) - - . 638, 258 20, 430

13. For the erection, repairs and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, and for the maintenance of drainage works on the River Shannon 222, 172 6, 800

14. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1889 and 1893, the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895, and the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896 125, 802

Total Civil Services, Class I. - 2, 306, 402 ^-82^73

UEFM£t?jV

SCHEDULE (B.) — Pae"

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1903; viz.; —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the officos of the 35,000

House of Lords .... 7, 657

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the Houbo of Commons - 25, 044 34, 500

3. For salaries and other expenses of the department of His Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments, including expenses in respect of advances under the Light Railways ' 89, 851 3, 800

Act, 1896

SCHED. (B.) Part 8.

Civil Services. Class I.

SCHED. (B.) Part 9.

Civil Services. Clas3 II.

52

Ch. 27,

Appropriation, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Sotted. (B.)

Part 9. Ciril Services. Class II.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 4. For salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home £ £

Department and subordinate offices 5. For salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign 152, 356 8, 300

Affairs ---- 6. For salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration 7. For salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy 65, 150 600

51, 100

Council -7a. For the salaries and expenses of the office of 12, 390 1, 508

the Lord Privy Seal -8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments, including a grant 1,000

in aid - - 9. For the salaries and expenses of certain services transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund and other services connected with the 197, 465 10, 645

Mercantile Marine ... 10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 96, 826 52, 300

1890 - -11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture and for paying certain grants 10 131, 978

in aid ---- 12. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Com- 95, 716 24, 403

mission for England and Wales 13. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service 33, 442 —

Commission -14. For salaries and expenses of the department of 44, 402

the Comptroller and Auditor General 15. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of 64, 605 2, 517

Friendly Societies -16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern- 7, 361

ment Board -17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the 220, 323 5,000

Commissioners in Lunacy in England 18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including 15, 140 1, 107

the expenses of the coinage -

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt 21 126, 900

Office - 13, 300 2, 529

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England »•> f >?»?usi

24, 060 —

21. For salaries and expenses of the establishments under the Public Works! Loan CommissiOfters i -Jri

16 10, 250

22. For salaries and expensetfof the department of the Registrar General of* Births, Ac; in . - 8, 300

Engl$Jl(l vy; *"* i nr.is'.n; rwi- jiL' i M54, 524

1901

Appropriation, 1902.

53

Ch. 27.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. Grants. tions in Aid.

23. For stationery, printing, paper, binding and printed books for the public service, and for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including the reports of Parliamentary £ £

Debates -24. For salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue 770, 145 90, 255

Records and Inrolments -25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Works and 22, 135

Public Buildings -26. For His Majesty's foreign and other secret 59, 650 —

services -27. For salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and 65,000

subordinate office, expenses under the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900, and expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899, including a grant in aid

of the Congested Districts (Scotland) Fund -28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers 35, 319 2, 230

or quays - 29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland - 30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in 18, 097 —

6, 075 525

Scotland -31. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board for Scotland, and for expenses under the Vaccination (Scotland) Act, 1863, Infectious Diseases Notification Act, 1887, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1898, and Sale of Food 7, 530 750

and Drugs Acts, 1875 to 1899 - 13, 945 —

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of

the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland 33. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and of the 4, 812

Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums 84. For salaries and expenses of the department of agriculture and other industries and technical instruction for Ireland, and of the services administered by that department, 26, 108 247

including sundry grants in aid 35. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and 158, 245 1, 140

* Bequests for Ireland -36. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern- 1, 980 38

ment Board in Ireland -87. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of the 66, 031 12,000

State Papers in Dublin - 5, 253 —

Sohxs. (Bo Pam 9.

Civil Services. Class II.

54

Sched. (B.) Past 9.

Civil Services. Class U.

SCEED. (B.) Paut 10.

Civil Services. Class III.

Ch. 27. Appropriation Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Sums not exceeding

* Supply 1 Appropriations in Aid.

Grants.

No.

38. For salaries and expenses of the office of Public Works in Ireland 36, 327 £.600

39. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, Ac., and for expenses of collecting emigration statistics in Ireland - 21, 377 720

40. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland - 16, 436 10,000

Total Civil Sebvices, Class II. -. 2.606, 224 580, 042

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1903; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Av*.

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers department, £ £

the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of His Majesty's Treasury, King’s Proctor and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions and of other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary Agency - 72, 131 13, 200

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, including grants in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Societies of England and Ireland ---- 49, 274 12, 731

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund - 320, 929 54, 300

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of land registry - - - 89, 202

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts - 41,000 460, 665

6. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan

Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -

49, 395 35

1902.

Appropriation Act, 1902. Ch. 27. 55

No.

7. For the expenses of the prisons in England, Wales and the Colonies -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

the Inspector of Reformatories, and the expenses of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial and day industrial schools and under the Youthful Offenders Act in Great Britain

9. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in

Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum

10. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland -

11. For salaries and expenses of the offices in His Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Establishment of the Crofters’ Commission -

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and inmates of the State inebriate reformatory, and the preparation of judicial statistics

14. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland -

15. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission -

17. For the salaries, allowances, expenses and pensions of various county court officers, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision -

18. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, the police courts and metropolitan police establishment of Dublin

19. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary

20. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland and of the establishments under their control, and of the registration of habitual criminals -

21. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial schools and under the Youthful Offenders Act, 1901, in Ireland -

22. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland

Total Civil Services, Class III.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 660, 929 £ 17,000

260, 908 28, 200

36, 635 1, 158

84, 287 43, 900

42, 071 —

4, 990 —

91, 131 4, 900

68, 517 335

104,000 2, 251

133, 153 14, 185

110, 858 4, 150

94, 417 1, 369, 185 51, 022*- 21, 732

113, 641 3, 250

109, 587 1, 300

6, 533 —

3, 862, 773 734, 364

SCHED. (B.) Paut 10. Civil Services. Class III.

Appropriation Act, 1902,

2 Edw. 7,

Ch. 27.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

A

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1903; viz.: —

Sched. (BO

Part 11.

Civil Services. Class IV.

No.

* 3. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Education and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid -

2. For salaries and other expenses of the British Museum and of the Natural History Museum, including certain grants in aid

* 8. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase of portraits -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection (Hertford House) -

6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c. and other grants -

7. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and expenses under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889 -

8. For public education in Scotland and for Science and Art in Scotland, including a grant in aid -

9. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manufactures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, &c.

10. For the expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, including a grant in aid of the Teachers Pension Fund, Ireland -

11. For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners for managing certain school endowments in Ireland

12. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures -

13. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Queen’s Colleges in Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class IV. -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

9, 921, 862 8, 618

166, 580 11,000

17, 090 1, 600

6, 541 —

7, 816 1, 250

68, 396 —

121, 706 —

1, 407, 712 —

3, 400 — '

1, 305, 748 33, 250

925 —

2, 965 —

4, 800 5, 500

13, 034, 451 61, 218

1902.

Appropriation Act, 1902. Ch. 27.

67

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Sebvices herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1903; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For the expenses in connection with His

Majesty's embassies and missions and con* sular establishments abroad, and other ex* penditure chargeable to the Consular Vote -

2. For grants in aid of the expenses of the British

Protectorates in Uganda, Central and East Africa and in Somaliland and under the Uganda Railway Acts, 1896 and 1900

3. For sundry colonial services, including certain

grants in aid (including a supplementary sum of 250,000Z.) -

4. For a grant in aid of the revenue of the Island

of Cyprus -

6. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies and a grant in aid of the annual expenses of the Pacific Cable

6. For a loan to the Government of Crete

7. For making good the net loss on transactions

connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury Chests abroad in the year 1901-1902 ......

627, 570

715, 093

2, 610, 051

30.000

183, 225

40.000

158,000

Total Civil Sebvices, Class V. £ j 4, 263, 939

92, 820

17, 375

110, 195

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Sebvices herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1903; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For superannuation, compensation and compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury, and for the salaries of medical referees -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

607, 950

SCHED. (B.) Part 12.

Civil Services. Class V.

Sched. (B.)

Past 13. Civil Services Class VI.

58

Ch. 27.

Appropriation Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.) Part 13.

Civil Services. Class VI.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

2. For certain pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to widows and children of masters and seamen 3, 700

3. For certain miscellaneous, charitable and other allowances 1, 658

4. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous charitable and other allowances in Ireland, including -sundry grants in aid - 17, 432 145

Total Civil Services, Class VI. £ £30, 740 145

SCHED. (B.)

Part 14. Ciril Services. Class VII.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule; of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of - March 1903; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For salaries and other expenses of temporary commissions, committees and special inquiries - - 44,000

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses j 32, 505 8, 200

3. For making good certain sum3 written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund - 25, 141

4. For a grant in aid of the expenses which may be incurred on account of the Coronation of His Majesty the King (including a supplementary sum of 25, 0ui'Z.) 125,000

5. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances - 4, 276 —

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £ 230, 922 8, 200

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

SCHED. (B.)

rart 15. LORD KITCHENER OF KHARTOUM.

Kitchener of Grant to Lieutenant-General Lord Kitchener of Khartoum, Khartoum. G.C.B., K.C.M.G., Commander-in-Chief of His Majesty's Forces in South Africa, in recognition of his eminent services during the war in South Africa

50,000

1902. Appropriation Act, 1902. Ch. 27, 28. 59

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 16.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &o.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, <fcc. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1903; viz.: —

SCHED. (B.) Fast 16. Revenue Departments, &c.

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department (including a supplementary sum of 12,0002.) -

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department -

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office

services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the expenses of the Post Office packet service -

5. For salaries and working expenses of the Post Office telegraph service -

Total Revenue Departments -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

904, 500 53, 500

2, 146, 770 15,000

9, 761, 815

778, 915

4, 211, 250

17, 803, 250

459, 745

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors and to Drunkenness, and to provide for the Registration of Clubs.

[8th August 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Amendment of Law as to Drunkenness.

1. If a person is found drunk in any highway or other public of

place, whether a building or not, or on any licensed premises, drunk and incapable in public

and appears to be incapable of taking care ot himself, he may be place, apprehended and dealt with according to law

2. — (1) If any person is found drunk in any highway or other Penalty for public place, whether a building or not, or on any licensed premises, while having the charge of a child apparently under of child.

60 Ch. 28. Licensing Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

the age of seven years, he may be apprehended, and shall, if the child is under that age, be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, or to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for any period not exceeding one month.

(2) If the child appears to the court to be under the age of seven, the child shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to be under that age unless the contrary is proved.

61 & 62 Vict. (3) The offence under this section shall be included in the list C, 56& gg vi<?t of offences mentioned in the First Schedule to the Inebriates Act, c. 94. ' 1898, and in section sixty of the Licensing Act, 1872.

SraonS>"?cted Where a person is convicted of any offence mentioned in the ofdnm^nnrasto list of offences contained in the First Schedule to the Inebriates g^behaiiour.r Act, 1898, as amended by this Act, the court may, either in addition to or in substitution for any other penalty, order the offender to enter into a recognizance, with or without sureties, to be of good behaviour.

Barden of 4. Where a licensed person is charged with permitting drunken-

proof in case of ness on kjg premises and it is proved that any person was drunk drunkenness on, K I, T. v j r. , 1 .

licensed on his premises, it shall lie on the licensed person to prove that he

premises. and the persons employed by him took all reasonable steps for

preventing drunkenness on the premises.

Protection for 5. — (1) Where the husband of a married woman is a habitual

of?a<bitiSband drunkard, as defined by section three of the Habitual Drunkards drunkard. Act, 1879, the married woman shall be entitled to apply for an 42 & 43 Vict, order under the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 68 & 69 Vict 1895, and that Act shall apply accordingly.

c. 39. (2.) Where the wife of a married man is a habitual drunkard, as

defined by section three of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, the married man shall be entitled to apply to a court of summary jurisdiction for an order under this subsection, and on any such application the court may make one or more orders containing all or any of the following particulars: —

(a) A provision that the applicant be no longer bound to cohabit with his wife (which provision, while in force, shall have the effect, in all respects, of a decree of judicial separation on the ground of cruelty);

(b) A provision for the legal custody of any children of the marriage;

(c) A provision that the applicant shall pay to his wife personally, or for her use to any officer of the court or other person on her behalf, such weekly sum, not exceeding two pounds, as the court, having regard to the means both of the applicant and his wife, consider reasonable;

(d) A provision for payment by the applicant or his wife, or both of them, of the costs of the court, and such reasonable costs of the parties, or either of them, as the court may think fit.

Subject to the foregoing provisions, the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895, shall apply to an application and order under this subsection in like manner as it applies to an

1902.

licensing, 1902. Ch. 28. 61

application and order under that Act, except that, for references to a married woman and her husband, shall be substituted references to a married man and his wife.

Provided that, instead of making an order in pursuance of paragraph (a) of this subsection, the court may, with the consent of the wife, order her to be committed to, and detained in, any retreat licensed under the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900, the licensee of which is willing to receive her; and such order shall have effect as if she had been admitted to the retreat under section ten of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, as amended by any subsequent enactment, and the court may order an officer of the court or a constable to remove her to the retreat accordingly.

6. — (1) Where, upon the conviction of an offender, the court is Prohibition of satisfied that an order of detention could be made under section sale of liquor one or section two of the Inebriates Act, 1898, then, whether an

order of detention is made or not, the court shall order that notice be habitual of the conviction, with such particulars as may be prescribed by a dru°k^d-. Secretary of State, be sent to the police authority (within the e.^o. 10 '

meaning of the Police Act, 1890) for the police area in which the 53 & 54 Vict court is situate. c. 45.

(2) Where a court, in pursuance of this Act, orders notice of a conviction to be sent to a police authority, the court shall inform the convicted person that the notice is to be so sent; and

(a) if the convicted person, within -three years after the date of > the-conviction, purchases or obtains, or attempts -to purchaser

or obtain, any intoxicating liquor at any premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquor by retail, or at the premises of any club registered in pursuance of the provisions of Part III. of this Act, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to-a fine not exceeding, for the first offence, twenty shillings* and, for any subsequent offence, forty shillings; and

(b) if the holder of any licence authorising the sale of intoxicating liquor by retail, whether for consumption on or off the premises, or any person selling, supplying or distributing intoxicating liquor, or authorising such sale, supply or distribution, on the premises of a club registered in conformity with the provisions of Part III. of this Act, within that period knowingly sells, supplies or distributes, or allows any person to sell) supply or distribute, intoxicating liquor to, or for the consumption of, any such person, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, for the first offence, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and, for any subsequent offence in respect of the same person, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) Regulations shall be made by the police authority for the purpose of securing the giving of information to licensed persons, and secretaries of clubs registered under Part III. of this Act, of orders made under this section, and for assisting in the identification of the convicted persons.

7. Any person who, being on any premises licensed for the Penalty for sale of any intoxicating liquor, whether for consumption on or off

such premises, shall procure, or attempt to procure, any intoxicating drunken

person.

62

Ch. 28.

Licensing, 1902.

2 Edw. 7

Interpretation of " public place.

Record of conviction of licensed person.

Powers of justices as to retail off-licences.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 27.

liquor for consumption by any drunken person, or who shall aid and abet any drunken person in obtaining or consuming any intoxicating liquor on any premises so licensed as aforesaid, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, or to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for any period not exceeding one month.

8. For the purposes of section twelve of the Licensing Act, 1872, and of sections one and two of this Act, the expression "public place" shall include any place to which the public have access, whether on payment or otherwise.

Part II.

Amendment of Licensing Law.

9. — (1) Where a licensed person is convicted before any court of any offence committed by him as such, it shall be the duty of the clerk of the licensing justices to enter notice of every such conviction, in the form prescribed by the Secretary of State, in the register of licences kept by him, and, if the clerk of the court is not the clerk of the licensing justices, he shall forthwith send notice of the conviction to the clerk of the licensing justices.

(2) On any application for the grant, renewal or transfer of a licence, the licensing justices shall have regard to any entries in the register of licences relating either to the person by whom, or to the premises in respect of which, the licence is to be held.

(3) When a conviction relating to any premises is entered in the register of licences, it shall be the duty of the clerk of the licensing justices to serve, in manner provided by the Licensing Act, 1872, notice of the conviction on the owner of the premises.

(4) After the commencement of this Act, no conviction shall be recorded on a licence.

10. — (1) Notwithstanding anything contained in section seventy-three of the Licensing Act, 1872, a justices’ licence shall be required in the case of every excise licence under which intoxicating liquor may be sold by retail to be consumed off the premises.

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any excise licence taken out by a spirit dealer or wine dealer for premises which are exclusively used for the sale of intoxicating liquors, or of intoxicating liquors and mineral waters, or other non-intoxicating drinks, and which have no internal communication with the premises of any person who is carrying on any other trade or business.

(2) Notwithstanding anything contained in section eight of the Wine and Beerhouse Act, 1869, and in sections sixty-nine and seventy-four of the Licensing Act, 1872, the licensing justices shall be at liberty, in their free and unqualified discretion, except as herein-after provided, either to refuse a licence for the sale of beer, wine, spirits, liqueurs, sweets or cider by retail to be consumed off the premises, on any grounds appearing to them

1902. Licensing Act, 1902. Ch. 28. 63

sufficient, or to grant a licence to such persons as they deem fit and proper.

(3) Any application for the grant of a licence to -which this section applies in respect of any premises on which the applicant was, at the commencement of this Act, authorised to sell beer, wine, spirits, liqueurs, sweets or cider by retail to be consumed off the premises, shall be deemed to be an application for the renewal of a licence, and shall be subject to the provisions of the Licensing Acts relating to the renewal of licences.

(4) Provided that, where a licence for the sale of wine, spirits, liqueurs, sweets or cider, not to be consumed on the premises, was in force on the twenty-fifth day of June nineteen hundred and two, an application for the renewal of such licence, or of any licence granted by way of renewal thereof from time to time, shall not be refused to the person who held such licence on the twenty-fifth day of June nineteen hundred and two, except on one or more of the grounds on which it might have been refused if this Act had not passed, or on the ground that the licensee has sold surreptitiously under such licence, or has assisted in concealing or misrepresenting the nature of goods sold under such licence, or has in any other way, in the opinion of the licensing justices, been guilty of misconduct in the management of his business under such licence.

11. — (1) Where a person is intending to apply for a new licence Control of for the sale of intoxicating liquors by retail to be consumed on the ^ructute of F premises, he shall, not less than twenty-one days before the annual licensed licensing meeting, deposit with the clerk to the licensing justices premists, a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is to be made.

(2) Any alteration in any licensed premises for the sale by retail of intoxicating liquors to be consumed thereon, which gives increased facilities for drinking, or conceals from observation any part of the premises used for drinking, or which affects the communication between the part of the premises where intoxicating liquor is sold and any other part of the premises or any street or other public way, shall not be made without the consent of the licensing justices assembled either at the general annual licensing meeting, or at special sessions under section four of the Alehouse 9 Geo. 4. c. 61. Act, 1828, and the licensing justices may, before giving their

consent, require plans of the proposed alterations to be deposited with their clerk at such time as they may determine; and, if any such alteration is made, save under the order of some lawful authority, without such consent as aforesaid, a court of summary jurisdiction, on complaint, may by order declare the licence to be forfeited, or direct that, within a time fixed by the order, the premises shall be restored to their original condition.

(3) Where a licence is forfeited under this section, the owner of the premises shall have all the rights conferred on owners by

section fifteen of the Licensing Act, 1874. 37 & 38 Vict.

(4) On any application for the renewal of a licence for the sale c- 49-by retail of intoxicating liquors to be consumed on the premises,

the licensing justices may require a plan of the premises to be produced before them and to be deposited with their clerk, and.

64 Ch. 28. Licensing Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

on renewing any such licence, they may by order direct that, within a time fixed by the order, such alterations as they think reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the business shall be made in that part of the premises where intoxicating liquor is sold or consumed, but any such order shall be subject to an appeal to a court of quarter sessions, as provided by the Alehouse Act, 1828, and, if any such order for structural alteration is made and complied with, no further requisition for the structural alteration of the premises shall be made within the next five years. If the licensed person makes default in complying with any such order, he shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty shillings for every day during which the default continues.

(5) Notice of any order under this section shall be forthwith given by the clerk to the owner of the premises in respect of which the order is made.

Removal of

12. A justice shall not be disqualified to act for any purpose of8^i^rtion un(^er -Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1886, or this Act, by reason interested in only of his being interested in a railway company which is a railways. retailer of intoxicating liquor.

Disqualifications of justices’ clerks.

Date of annual licensing meeting.

13. No solicitor or other person, being a clerk of licensing justices, shall, by himself, his partner or clerk, as solicitor or agent for any person, conduct or act in any application for or in respect of a licence, or any other proceedings whatsoever under the Licensing Acts, at any licensing or petty sessions held for the district for which he is the clerk, except so far as relates to the preparation of notices or forms; and, if any person contravenes this provision, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

14. — (1) The general annual licensing meeting in every licensing district shall be held within the first fourteen days of the month of February in each year, and every adjournment thereof shall be held within one month of the date of the general annual licensing meeting.

(2) The general annual licensing meeting which would, but for this Act, be held between the twentieth day of August and the fourteenth day of September one thousand nine hundred and two shall not be held.

(3) In every licensing district where the general annual licensing meeting would, but for this Act, be held between the twentieth day of August and the fourteenth day of September inclusive, all licences within the meaning of the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1886, and all billiard licences granted by the justices of the peace acting in and for any such district, which are in force on the tenth day of October one thousand nine hundred and two, shall, notwithstanding anything in such licences or in the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 188>6, to the contrary, upon production of such licence to the clerk of the licensing justices and upon payment to him of half of the fees which would have been payable if that licence had been renewed at a general annual licensing meeting held in .August or September one thousand nine hundred and two, be and remain in force until

1902. Licensing Act, 1902. Ch. 28. 65

the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and three, unless previously forfeited, or unless the person to whom or the premises in respect of which the licence was granted is or become disqualified. Upon payment of the said fees, the clerk to the licensing justices shall endorse a note of the payment on the licence.

(4) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may renew any excise licence granted to any person holding a licence granted by the justices of the peace, acting in and for any such licensing district, which was in force on the tenth day of October one thousand nine hundred and two, upon production of that licence, in the same manner as if that licence had been renewed at a general annual licensing meeting held in August or September nineteen hundred and two.

(5) The justices of the peace, acting in and for any such licensing district, shall, on some day within the month of October nineteen hundred and two, hold a special meeting, and shall at that meeting appoint not less than two nor more than four special sessions to be holden in the division during the period between the date of that meeting and the first day of February nineteen hundred and three, at periods as near as may be equally distant, and at any such special sessions the justices shall have the same powers and jurisdiction as if the said days had been appointed at a general annual licensing meeting, in accordance with the provisions of section four of the Alehouse Act, 1828; and the Licensing Acts,

1828 to 1886, shall have effect accordingly, and any licence granted at any such special sessions shall be in force until the fifth day of April one thousand nine hundred and three, and no longer.

(6) This section shall not affect the power of the licensing justices, under section eleven of the Wine and Beerhouse Act, 1870, as & 34 Vict, to postpone to an adjourned meeting (whether held within one c•2#* month of the date of the annual meeting or not) the consideration

of an application for the grant or renewal of a licence; and the said section shall apply to all licences in like manner as it applies to licences under the Wine and Beerhouse Acts.

(7) This section shall come into operation on the passing of this Act.

15. Notwithstanding any enactment to the contrary, it shall Restriction not be lawful for a petty sessional court to authorise the sale of °"dgtection intoxicating liquor on any licensed premises until the holding of

the next special sessions for the licensing district in which the premises are situate, unless the person making the application has, one week at least before the holding of the court, served on the superintendent of police for the district the like notice as is required in the case of an application for the transfer of a licence.

Provided that, in any case of urgency, the aforesaid notice to the police may be dispensed with if, in the opinion of the court, such notice to the police has been given as is reasonable under the circumstances of the particular case.

16. — (1) In the case of an application for a licence under section Provisions as four or section fourteen of the Alehouse Act, 1828, the person to transfer, holding the licence and the person who it is proposed shall become

the holder of the licence shall attend at the special sessions at

S

Ch. 28.

Licensing 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 44.

Occasional

licences.

25 & 26 Vict c. 22.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 33.

27 & 28 Vict c. 18.

which the application is heard, and the agreement or other assurance, if any, under which the licence is to be transferred and held shall be produced fco the licensing justices; and, for the purpose of compelling the attendance of any such person, or any witness, the licensing justices shall have all the powers of a court of summary jurisdiction.

Provided that the licensing justices may, for good cause shown in any particular case, dispense with the attendance of either of such persons, or both.

(2) For the purpose of preventing repeated applications, the licensing justices may, at the general annual licensing meeting, make regulations determining the time which must elapse after the hearing of one application for a licence, under section four or section fourteen of the Alehouse Act, 1828, before another application, under the said sections or either of them, may be made in respect of the same premises. Provided that the justices may, in their discretion, for good cause shown, dispense with the observance of these regulations in any particular case.

(3) The provisions of subsection two of section forty of the Licensing Act, 1872, as to notices of intention to transfer, shall apply to all cases of applications under section four or section fourteen of the Alehouse Act, 1828.

(4) The provisions of subsection four of section four of the Wine and Beerhouse Act, 1870, with respect to the adjournment of an application for a transfer, shall apply to all licences in cases arising under section four or section fourteen of the Alehouse Act, 1828; and, where any such application is adjourned, and there is in force an authority granted under the Licensing Act, 1842, to sell intoxicating liquor on the licensed premises, such authority shall continue in force till the hearing of the adjourned application, and the proper officer of Inland Revenue may give the like authority by indorsement on the excise licence.

17. — (1) An occasional licence shall not be granted, except with the consent of a petty sessional court, and unless, twenty-four hours at least before applying for that consent, the applicant has served on the superintendent of police for the district notice of his intention to apply for the consent, setting out his name and address, the place and occasion in respect of which the licence is required, the period for which the licence is to be in force, and the hours to be specified in the consent of the justices. Provided that, where there is no sitting of a petty sessional court within three days before the time when the licence is required, and it is shown to the satisfaction of the justices herein-after mentioned that it was not practicable to make an application to a petty sessional court, the consent may be given by any two justices acting for the division and sitting together, of which consent notice shall be sent to the superintendent of the police.

(2) In section thirteen of the Revenue Act, 1862, section twenty of the Revenue Act, 1863, section five of the Revenue Act, 1864 and section nineteen of the Licensing Act, 1874, the consent required by this section shall be substituted for the consent in those sections mentioned.

1902. Licensing Act, 1902. Ch. 28. 67

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions of section twenty-nine of the Licensing Act, 1872, which empower the local authority to extend the hours of closing on special occasions.

18. In addition to the notices required by the Licensing Acts, Additional 1828 to 1886, to be given by a person intending to apply for a new "ppHcatfon for licence, that person shall, twenty-one days at least before the date new licence, of the general annual licensing meeting, serve on the clerk of the licensing justices notice of his intention, setting forth his name and

address and a description of the licence or licences for which he intends to apply and of the situation of the premises in respect of which the application is to be made.

19. — (1) An application for the confirmation of the grant of Confirmation a licence shall not be heard until twenty-one days at least have of licencCS* expired since the date of the grant of the licence.

(2) A justices’ licence to sell any intoxicating liquor for consumption only off the premises shall require confirmation in like manner as other licences.

20. In every case of appeal against the decision of any licensing Costs of justice, the court to which such appeal is made shall adjudge and Jd"^y^gOBC order that the treasurer of the county or place, in and for which app^j^ 8 such justice, whose decision is appealed against, shall have acted on against to be the occasion when he gave such decision, shall pay to such justice P«d °utof the such sum as, in the opinion of the court, shall be sufficient to borough funds, indemnify such justice from all costs and charges whatsoever to

which such justice may have been so put, and which cannot be recovered from any other person; and the said treasurer is hereby authorised to pay the same, which shall be allowed to him in his accounts. The order of the appellate court may be made either at the sessions when the appeal is heard or at the next ensuing sessions, and the costs may be taxed either in or out of sessions.

21. From and after the thirty-first day of March one thousand Session# not to nine hundred and seven, no meeting of justices in petty or special

sessions shall be held in premises licensed for the sale of intoxi- premises, eating liquors, or in any room, whether licensed or not, in any building licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquors; nor shall any coroner’s inquest be held oh such licensed premises, where other suitable premises have been provided for such inquest. 22

22. — (1) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Beerhouse Restaurant Acts, no person, being a keeper of a restaurant or eating-house,

shall be disqualified for receiving a licence under those Acts, by reason only of the premises in respect of which he applies to be licensed not being a dwelling-house or of his not being the real resident holder and occupier thereof.

(2) In this section the expression "the Beerhouse Acts" means 4 & 5 Will 4. the Beerhouse Act, 1834, the Beerhouse Act, 1840, and (enactment amending those Acts. c.ei.

23. Notwithstanding any enactment to the contrary, it shall not Naval and Ibe necessary for a person holding a canteen, under the authority

68 Ch. 28. Licensing Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

of a Secretary of State or of the Admiralty, to obtain a justices' licence or certificate to enable him to obtain or hold any excise licence for the sale of any intoxicating liquor; and an excise licence may be granted to any such person accordingly.

Part III.

Registration of Clubs.

Registration of 24. — (1) The secretary of every club which occupies a house or eliibs. part of a house or other premises which are habitually used for

the purposes of a club, and in which any intoxicating liquor is supplied to members or their guests, shall cause the club to be registered in manner provided by this Act.

(2) The registration of a club under this Act shall not constitute the club premises licensed premises, or authorise any sale of intoxicating liquor therein which would otherwise be illegal.

Mode of 25. — (1) The clerk to the justices of every petty sessional

registration, division shall keep a register of all such clubs within the division.

(2) The register shall be in a form prescribed by the Secretary of State, and shall contain —

(a) the name and objects of the club;

(b) the address of the club;

(c) the name of the secretary;

(d) the number of members;

(e) the rules of the club relating to —

(i) the election of members and the admission of temporary and honorary members and of guests;

(ii) the terms of subscription and entrance fee, if any;

(iii) the cessation of membership;

(iv) the hours of opening and closing; and

(v) the mode of altering the rules.

(3) The secretary of every such club shall, in the month of January nineteen hundred and three, and in the month of January in each succeeding year, furnish to the clerk to the justices a return, signed by the secretary, giving the above-mentioned particulars, together with a signed statement that there is kept upon the club premises a register of the names and addresses of the club members, and a record of the latest payment of their subscriptions.

(4) Where, after the commencement of this Act, a new club requiring registration is about to be opened, the secretary shall, before the opening of the club, furnish a return, signed by him, to the clerk to the justices, giving the above-mentioned particulars.

(5) The clerk to the justices shall keep the register of clubs corrected up to date, in accordance with the returns furnished by the secretaries, and the register shall, at all reasonable hours, be open to the inspection of an inspector or superintendent of police, or an officer of the inland revenue, without fee, and of any person on, payment of a fee not exceeding one shilling.

1902.

Ch. 28.

69

Licensing Act, 1902.

(6) A fee of five shillings shall be payable to the clerk to the justices on each return made by the secretary of a club.

(7) In the application of this section to Oxford, the Registrar of the Court of the Chancellor of the University shall be substituted for the clerk to the justices in the case of any club mainly composed of members past or present of the University.

26. — (1) If any intoxicating liquor is supplied or sold to any Penalty for member or guest on the premises of an unregistered club, the person "PPjyinS supplying or selling such liquor, and every person authorising the in^iregistered supply or sale of such liquor, shall be liable, on summary conviction club.

to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one month, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both.

(2) If any intoxicating liquor is kept for supply or sale on the premises of an unregistered club, every officer and member of the club shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds, unless he proves, to the satisfaction of the court, that such liquor was so kept without his knowledge or against his consent.

27. Intoxicating liquor shall not be supplied in a club for Supply of consumption off the premises, except to a member on the premises; liquor for oon-and, if any person supplies or obtains any intoxicating liquor in th^premi*^ contravention of the provisions of this section, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

28. — (1) Where a club has been registered in pursuance of Striking off this Act, a court of summary jurisdiction, on complaint in writing register, by any person, may, if it thinks fit, make an order directing the

club to be struck off the register on all or any of the following grounds, namely —

(a) that the club has ceased to exist, or that the number of members is less than twenty-five; or

(b) that it is not conducted in good faith as a club, or that it is kept, or habitually used, for any unlawful purpose; or

(c) that there is frequent drunkenness on the club premises; or

(d) that illegal sales of intoxicating liquor have taken place on the club premises; or

(e) that persons who are not members are habitually admitted to the club merely for the purpose of obtaining intoxicating liquor; or

(f)that the club occupies premises in respect of which, within twelve months next preceding the formation of the club, a licence has been forfeited or the renewal of a licence has been refused, or in respect of which* an order has been made that they shall not be used for the purposes of a club; or

(g) that persons are habitually admitted as members without an interval of at least forty-eight hours between their nomination and admission; or

(h) that the supply of intoxicating liquor to the club is not under the control of the members or the committee appointed by the members.

70

Ch. 28.

Licencing 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 31.

Search

warrant.

Penalty for false returns, &c.

Application to London.

(2) For the purpose of determining whether a club is conducted in good faith as a club, the court shall have regard to the nature of the premises occupied by the club.

(3) If the court grants a summons on the complaint, the summons shall be served on the secretary and on such other person, if any, as the court may direct.

(4) Where the court makes an order striking a club off the register, the court may, if it thinks fit, by that order further direct that the premises occupied by the club shall not be used for the purposes of any club which requires registration under this Act for a specified period, which may extend to twelve months in case of a first order or, in case of a second or subsequent order, to five years; provided that any such direction may, for good cause shown, be subsequently cancelled or varied by the court.

(5) In the application of this section to Oxford, the court of summary jurisdiction shall be the Court of the Chancellor of the University sitting and acting under the Oxford University (Justices) Act, 1886, in the case of any club mainly composed of members past or present of the University; provided that that court shall not have power to make an order that premises occupied by any such club shall not be used for the purposes of a club.

29. — (1) If a justice of the peace is satisfied, by information on oath, that there is reasonable ground for supposing that any registered club is so managed or carried on as to constitute a ground for striking it off the register, or that any intoxicating liquor is sold or supplied, or kept for sale or supply, on the premises of an unregistered club, he may grant a search warrant to any constable named therein.

(2) A search warrant granted under this section shall authorise the constable named therein to enter the club, if need be by force, and to inspect the premises of the club, to take the names and addresses of any persons found therein, and to seize any books and papers relating to the business of the club.

30. — (1) If the secretary of any registered club or any club which requires to be registered omits to make any return required by this Act, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one month, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both.

(2) If the secretary of any such club knowingly makes a return which is false in any material particular, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both.

31. In the application of this Part of this Act to London, the clerk to a metropolitan police court shall be substituted for the clerk to the justices, as regards any place within the jurisdiction of a metropolitan police court, and, as regards the City of London, the clerk of Special Sessions shall be so substituted.

1902.

Licensing 1902. Ch. 28.

71

32. For the purposes of this Part — Definitions. The expression "secretary " includes any officer of a club or

other person performing the duties of a secretary, and, in the case of a proprietary club where there is no secretary, the proprietor of the club; and The expression "unregistered club" means a club which requires, under this Act, to be registered but is not registered, or which has been struck off the register.

Part IV.

Supplemental.

33. The enactments specified in the schedule to this Act are Repeal hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of

that schedule

34. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Licensing Act, 1902, and Short title, may be cited, and shall be construed, as one with the Licensing

Acts, 1828 to 1886. commence-

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. ment.

(3) This Act, save as otherwise expressly provided, shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and three.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed as to England. section 33.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

9 Geo. 4. C. 61.

The Alehouse Act,

1828.

85 & 86 Vict. The Licensing Act, c. 94. 1872.

Extent of Repeal.

In section one, the words from " and " such meetings" to ‘‘September " inclusive."

In section three, from "and that every adjournment" to the end of the section.

In section thirteen, the words in the counties of Middlesex and " Surrey, " the words "and elsewhere from the tenth day of " October," and the word "respectively."

In section fourteen, the words "or the tenth day of October," and the words "as the case may be."

Section thirty.

Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section thirty-one.

Sections thirty-three and thirty-four.

In section forty-eight, the words "but " in the latter case there shall be " endorsed on such copy all convictions made within the previous " five years which are endorsed on " the old licence."

Sections fifty-five and fifty-seven.

In section fifty-eight, the words "every "endorsement upon a licence, and, " and the words "endorsement and."

72

Ch. 28, 29.

Licensing, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 49. The Licensing Act, 1874. Section thirteen. Section fourteen, from "and " directed" to the end section. Section twenty-four. may be of the

43 Vict. c. 6. - The Beer Dealers Retail Licences Act, 1880. The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. The Army Act Section one hundred and seventy-four.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 34. The Beer Dealers Retail Licences Amendment Act, .1882. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act for the better protection of Freshwater Fish in Scotland.

[8th August 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Close time for trout.

Exception in favour of stews and artificial hatcheries.

1. From and after the passing of this Act, between the fifteenth day of October in any year and the twenty-eighth day of February in the year following, both inclusive, there shall be an annual close time for trout in Scotland, during which it shall not be lawful, except as herein-after specified, for any person to —

(a) fish for or take common trout (salmo fario) in any river, water or loch in Scotland, by net, rod, line or otherwise; or

(b) have possession of common trout; or

(c) expose common trout for sale:

And any person who shall so fish for or take or possess or expose for sale such trout, at any time within the said dates, shall forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding five pounds for every such offence.

Except as herein-after provided, the provisions of this section shall not apply to the owner, occupier or lessee of any water where trout are kept in captivity or artificially reared and fed, or to any person employed by them for the rearing or feeding of trout, or to any person to whom such trout may be consigned by them for sale or otherwise, for the purposes of stocking ponds, rivers or other waters.

1902.

Freshwater Fish (Scotland), 1902. Ch. 29. 73

But any owner, lessee, occupier or person as aforesaid, who shall, during the close time created by this Act, —

(a) take from such water common trout, except for scientific or breeding purposes, or for the purpose of such trout being removed in a living state to other rivers, waters or lochs;

(b) sell or expose for sale dead common trout; or

(c) sell or expose for sale live common trout for the purposes of food,

shall, on conviction, be deemed to have committed an offence under this section.

2. All persons, being the proprietors of any land through or by which any river or water flows or on which any loch is wholly or partially situated, or having a right to fish there for trout, or having a written permission from some such proprietors or persons entitled to fish as aforesaid, shall be subject to the penal and other provisions of the Act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of Victoria, chapter forty-five, in respect of fishing for trout by net (except in ponds or lochs all the proprietors of which have agreed to permit euch fishing), or by what is known as double rod fishing, or cross line fishing, or set lines, or otter fishing, or burning the water, or by striking the fish with any instrument, or by pointing, or by putting into the water lime or any other substance destructive to trout, with intent to destroy the same; and the exceptions in the said Act of such proprietors and others from the penal and other provisions directed against the practices aforesaid are hereby repealed:Provided that it shall still be legal and permissible for such proprietors and others to fish for trout by net in such rivers, waters or lochs, where such fishing is prosecuted for scientific, breeding or restocking purposes.

3. Any person who uses or attempts to use dynamite or other explosive to catch or destroy fish in any river, water or loch in Scotland shall be liable to the like penalties and to the like jurisdiction as if he had committed an offence under the Fisheries (Dynamite) Act, 1877.

4. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to affect the application of the provisions of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1865 and 1873, to the river Esk, together with its banks and tributary streams, within the counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh.

5. This Act may be cited as the Freshwater Fish (Scotland) Act, 1902, and shall be construed as one with the Trout (Scotland) Act, 1845, and the Trout (Scotland) Act, 1860, which are hereby amended so far a3 inconsistent with it; and this and those Acts may be cited together as the Trout (Scotland) Acts, 1845 to 1902.

Exception in favour of proprietors, &c. repealed.

Penalties for using explosives to kill freshwater fish.

40 & 41 Vict c. 65.

Application of Act to river Esk.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 121.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 71.

Short title and construction.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 26.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 45.

F

74 Ch. 30. Appropriation (Yo. 2) 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and three, and to appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[25th November 1902.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

Issue of 1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the

8,000,000l. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards Consolidated making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of Fund. the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand

nine hundred and three, the sum of eight million pounds.

Power for the 2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue

Treasury to of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the borrow. Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of

the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole eight million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of

40 & 41 Vict. March nineteen hundred and three, and section six of the Treasury c* 2- Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not

apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

1902. Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1902. Ch. 30, 31. 75

Appropriation of Grant.

3. The sum of eight million pounds granted by this Act out of Appropriation the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply ^r8""^oted granted to His Majesty is appropriated and shall be deemed services.

to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of this Act for the service and purpose expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1902.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE (A.) Soheo.ca.)

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1903 - - 8,000,000

SCHEDULE (B.) Civil Services, 1902-3. Class V.

Sam Dot exceeding

Sched. (B.) Civil Services, 1902-3.

8. Sum granted to defray the charge which will come in course of payment during the year ending 31st March 1903, for a Grant in Aid to the Transvaal and the Orange River Colony, for expenses consequent upon the termination of the War - £*8,000,000

CHAPTER 81.

An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts.

[25th November 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In section twelve of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, Power of Court

1875, which empowers the Court of Appeal to sit in two divisions

at the same time, the words "three divisions " shall be substituted divisions.

for the words "two divisions." 38 & 39 Vict.

c. 77.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1902, and maybe cited with the Judicature Acts, 1873 to 1894.

76

Ch. 32.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Continuance of Acts in Schedule.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[18th December 1902.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and two:

And whereas the Act mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire at the end of the present session of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and three, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1902.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 8. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(1.)

5 & 6 Will. 4. The Linen Manufactures The whole Act 8 & 4 Vict. c. 91.

c. 27. (Ireland) Act, 1835. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 80 & 81 Vict. c. 60.

(2.)

8 & 4 Vict. c. 89. The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act

CO

4 & 5 Vict. The Ordnance Survey The whole Act 83 Vict c. 13.

c. 80. Act, 1841. 47 & 48 Vict c. 43. 52 & 53 Vict. c. SO.

1902.

Cf. 32.

77

Expiring Laws Continuance , 1902.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 8. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(4.)

10 & 11 Vict. The Ecclesiastical Juris- As to the provisions

C. 98. C5.) diction Act, 1847. continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

14 & 15 Vict. The Episcopal and Capi- The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

c. 104. tular Estates Act, 1851. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 114. S. 10.

(6.)

17 & 18 Vict. The Corrupt Practices So much as is con- 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29.

C. 102. Prevention Act, 1854. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. s. 6. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

CD

28 & 24 Vict. c. 19. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1860. The whole Act. r

(8.)

24 & 25 Vict. The Salmon Fishery Act, As to the appoint- 49 & 50 Vict. C. 89.

c. 109. 1861. ment of inspectors, s. 31. 8. 3. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 50.

(9.)

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. The Promissory Notes Act, 1863. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

(10.)

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act.

(11.)

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

(12.)

28 & 29 Vict. The Locomotives Act, The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict c. 58.

c. 88. 1865. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. f Part II.) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 36. 61 & 62 Vict c. 29.

(18.)

29 & 80 Vict. c. 52. The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. The whole Act.

(14.)

81 & 32 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- So much as is con- 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75.

c. 125. tions Act, 1868. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(15.)

82 & 33 Vict. c. 21. The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. The whole Act 34 & 85 Vict c. 61.

(16.)

32 & 33 Vict. The Endowed Schools As to the powers of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

c. 56. Act, 1869. making schemes. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 87. 62 & 53 Vict. c. 40.

Ch. 32,

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 8. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

07.) 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100.

39 & 34 Vict. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) The whole Act

c. 112. Act, 1870. 49 Vict. c. 6.

(18.)

84 & 35 Vict. c. 87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. The whole Act.

(19.) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections).

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. The Ballot Act, 1872 The whole Act

(20.) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

88 & 89 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act

c. 84. tions (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. 8. 32. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

(21.) 57 & 58 Vict. c. 49.

39 & 40 Vict. The Jurors Qualification The whole Act

c. 21. (22.) (Ireland) Act, 1876. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 87. s. 69.

41 & 42 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62.

c. 41. (23.) tions Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 58. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 49.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72. The Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, 1878. The whole Act.

(24.) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

43 Vict. c. 18. The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880. The whole Act

(25.)

43 & Vict. c. 42. The Employers' Liability Act, 1880. The whole Act.

(26.)

44 & 45 Vict. The Peace Preservation The whole Act 49 & 50 Vict c. 24.

c. 5. (Ireland) Act, 1881. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 20.

(27.) 58 & 59 Vict. c. 40.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. The whole Act

(28.)

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. The whole Act 56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

(29.)

49 & 50 Vict. The Crofters Holdings As to the powers of 50 & 51 Vict. c. 24.

0. 29. (30.) (Scotland) Act, 1886. the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22. / 51 & 52 Vict. c. 68. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 41.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 55. The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888. The whole Act.

1982.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1982. Ch. 32, 33.

79

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(31.)

52 & 53 Vict. The Welsh Intermediate As to the powers of 53 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

c. 40. Education Act, 1889. the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners.

(32.) The whole Act.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 21. The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1895. '

(38.)

59 Vict. c. 1. The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. The whole Act. '

(34.)

59 & 60 Vict. The Light Railways Act, As to the powers of —

c. 48. 1896. the Light Railway Commissioners.

Part II.

46 & 47 Vict. The Labourers (Ireland) The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict. c. 77.

c. 60. Act, 1883. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 59. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 71. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 7. 59 & 60 Vict. c. 53. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to provide for the payment of certain moneys to the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland.

[18th December 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The sum of five thousand pounds payable to the Royal Payment to Dublin Society under subsection (1) of section three of the Probate department Duties (Scotland and Ireland) Act, 1888, shall be paid annually for?Sy 8Um by the Lord Lieutenant to the Department of Agriculture and payable to Technical Instruction for Ireland, and shall be expended in such Dublin manner as the Department may consider expedient for the 51 & 52 Vict. improvement of the breed of horses and cattle. c. 60.

80 Ch. 33, 34-. Agriculture and Technical Instruction 2 Edw. 7.

(Ireland) (. 2) Act, 1902.

Short title and 2. This Act may be cited as the Agriculture and Technical citation. Instruction (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1902, and may be cited with the Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland) Acts, 1899 to 1902.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend the Law with reference to Applications for Patents and Compulsory Licences, and other matters connected therewith.

[18th December 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Examination of previous specifications in United Kingdom on applications for patents.

46 & 47 Vict.

c. 57.

1. — (1) Where an application for a patent has been made and a complete specification has been deposited by the applicant, the examiner shall forthwith, in addition to the inquiries which he is directed to make by the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), make a further investigation for the purpose of ascertaining whether the invention claimed has been wholly or in part claimed or described in any specification (other than a provisional specification not followed by a complete specification) published before the date of the application, and deposited pursuant to any application for a patent made in the United Kingdom within fifty years next before the date of the application.

(2) If on investigation it appears that the invention has been wholly or in part claimed or described in any such specification, the applicant shall be informed thereof, and the applicant may, within such time as may be prescribed, amend his specification, and the amended specification shall be investigated in like manner as the original specification.

(3) The examiner shall report to the comptroller the result of his investigations in such manner as the Board of Trade may direct.

(4) The provisions of subsection five of section nine of the principal Act, as amended by any subsequent enactment, shall apply to reports under this section.

(5) If the comptroller is satisfied that no objection exists to the specification on the ground that the invention claimed thereby has been wholly or in part claimed or described in a previous specification as before mentioned, he shall, in the absence of any other lawful ground of objection, accept the specification.

(6) If the comptroller is not so satisfied, he shall, after hearing the applicant, and unless the objection be removed by amending the specification to the satisfaction of the comptroller, determine whether a reference to any, and, if so, what, prior specifications ought to be rrade in the specification by way of notice to the public.

1902.

Patents Act, 1902. Ch. 34.

81

(7) An appeal shall lie from the decision of' the comptroller under this section to the law officer

(8) Section eight of the principal Act and section three of the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks (Amendment) Act, 1885 (which 48 & 49 Vict, regulate the time for depositing a complete specification), shall c- 63-have effect as if references therein to the period of nine months

were references to the period of six months.

(9) The investigations and reports required by this section shall not bo held in any way to guarantee the validity of any patent, and no liability shall be incurred by the Board of Trade or any officer thereof by reason of, or in connexion with, any such investigation or report-, or any proceeding consequent thereon.

(10) The Board of Trade, with the sanction of the Treasury, may prescribe an additional fee not exceeding one pound in respect of the investigation mentioned in this section, which shall be payable on the sealing of the patent.

(11) This section shall come into operation at such date as the Board of Trade may by order direct, and shall apply only to applications made after that date, and the order shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

2. An invention covered by any patent granted on an application Limitation as to which section one of this Act applies shall not be deemed to to "tfopation.

have been anticipated by reason only of its publication in a specification deposited pursuant to an application made in the United Kingdom not less than fifty years before the date of the application for a patent therefor, or of its publication in a provisional specification of any date not followed by a complete specification.

3. Section twenty*two of the principal Act (relating to the Amendment of grant of compulsory licences by the Board of Trade) is hereby law relatmg40 repealed, and the following provisions shall be substituted Ucences.°ry J therefor: —

(1) Any person interested may present a petition to the Board of Trade alleging that the reasonable requirements of the public with respect to a patented invention have not been satisfied, and praying for the grant of a compulsory licence, or, in the alternative, for the revocation of the patent;

(2) The Board of Trade shall consider the petition, and if the parties do not come to an arrangement between themselves, the Board of Trade, if satisfied that a prim a facie case has been made out, shall refer the petition to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, and, if the Board are not so satisfied, they may dismiss the petition;

(3) Where any such petition is referred by the Board of Trade to the Judicial Committee, and it is proved to the satisfaction of the Judicial Committee that the reasonable requirements of the public with reference to the patented invention have not been satisfied, the patentee may be ordered by an Order in Council to grant licences on such terms as the said Committee may think just, or, if the Judicial Committee are of opinion that the reasonable requirements of the public will not be

82 Ch. 34. Patents Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

satisfied by the grant of licences, the patent may be revoked by Order in Council;

Provided that no order of revocation shall be made before the expiration of three years from the date of the patent, or if the patentee gives satisfactory reasons for his default;

(4) On the hearing of any petition under this section, the patentee and any person claiming an interest in the patent as exclusive licensee, or otherwise, shall be made parties to the proceeding, and the law officer, or such other counsel as he may appoint, shall be entitled to appear and be heard;

(5) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the Judicial Committee that the patent is worked, or that the patented article is manufactured, exclusively or mainly outside the United Kingdom, then, unless the patentee can show that the reasonable requirements of the public have been satisfied, the petitioner shall be entitled either to an order for a compulsory licence or, subject to the above proviso, to an order for the revocation of the patent;

(6) For the purposes of this section the reasonable requirements of the public shall not be deemed to have been satisfied if, by reason of the default of the patentee to work his patent, or to manufacture the patented article in the United Kingdom to an adequate extent, or to grant licences on reasonable terms, (a) any existing industry or the establishment of any new industry is unfairly prejudiced, or the demand for the patented article is not reasonably met;

(7) An Order in Council directing the grant of any licence under this section shall, without prejudice to any other method of enforcement, operate as if it were embodied in a deed granting a licence and made between the parties to the proceeding;

(8) His Majesty in Council may make rules of procedure and practice for regulating proceedings before the Judicial Committee under this section, and, subject thereto, such proceedings shall be regulated according to the existing procedure and practice in patent matters. Any Order in Council, or any order made by the Judicial Committee under this Act, may be enforced by the High Court as if it were an order of the High Court;

(9) The costs of and incidental to all proceedings under this section shall be in the discretion of the Judicial C unmittee, but, in awarding costs on any application for the grant of a licence, the Judicial Committee may have regard to any previous request for, or offer of, a licence made either before or after the application to the Committee;

(10) For the purposes of this section, three members of the Judicial Committee shall constitute a quorum;

(11) This section shall apply to patents granted before, as well as after, the commencement of this Act.

Performance of comptroller’s duties.

4. In subsection four of section eighty-two of the principal Act (which relates to the performance of the duties of the comptroller

Patents Act, 1902.

83

1902.

Ch. 84, 85, 36.

by other officers under the direction of the Board of Trade) the words "in his absence " shall be repealed.

5. This Act may be cited as the Patents Act, 1902, and may be Short title and cited, and shall be construed, as one with the Patents, Designs, and construction. Trade Marks Acts, 1883 to 1901.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend the borrowing provisions of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, and the Electric Lighting (Scotland)

Act, 1890.

[18th December 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The amount which a local authority within the meaning of Amount and the schedule to the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act, 1890, may borrow under section eight of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, loansfbr shall not be subject to any limit imposed on the amount which electric such local authority may borrow for the purposes of its ga under- .

taking: Provided that every lean so borrowed, with the consent of ^g54 lct’ the Secretary for Scotland, after the passing of this Act, shall be 45 & 46 Vict, repaid by the local authority within a period not exceeding thirty c-56-years from the date of borrowing.

2. Nothing in this Act shall affect any loan borrowed before the Saving, passing of this Act.

3. This Act may be cited as the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Short title and Act, 1902, and shall extend only to Scotland. extent.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend the Mail Ships Act, 1891.

[18th December 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For subsection (2) of section three of the Mail Ships Amendment of Act, 1891, the following subsection shall be substituted:— 54 Vict;

C. 31 849

"(2) The security shall be the bond of the owner guaranteed, to security for " at his option, either — Srastaf*86 *

" (a) by one or more responsible sureties (whether natural service.

" or corporate persons) permanently resident within the " jurisdiction of the High Court; or

8 *

Cr. 36, 37.

Mail Ships Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

[Short title.]

Osborne estate to be part of the hereditary revenues of the Crown.

" (h)by the payment or transfer into court of cash or " of securities of the Government of the United . Kingdom."

(2) In subsection (5) of the same section, after the words "variation of conditions of the service, " shall be inserted the words "change in the residence or place of business or circumstances of any surety."

2. This Act may be cited as the Mail Ships Act, 1902, and the Mail Ships Act, 1891, and this Act may be cited together as the Mail Ships Acts, 1891 and 1902.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to make provision with respect to the disposition and management of His Majesty's Osborne Estate in the Isle of Wight.

[18th December 1902.]

WHEREAS the Osborne estate in the Isle of Wight is, under the will of Her late Majesty Queen Victoria, vested in His Majesty the King for his life, with remainder to the Prince of Wales for his life, with remainder to his first and other s^ns according to seniority in tail general, with divers remainders over, and with an ultimate remainder to His Majesty the King, His heirs and assigns for ever:

And whereas His Majesty has, with the concurrence of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, signified His gracious pleasure that, on the occasion of His Coronation, the Osborne estate should be handed over so as to become part of the public property of the Sovereign, and that provision should be made for the use of Osborne House and grounds, as a memorial to Her late Majesty Queen Victoria, in manner provided by this Act:

And whereas duplicate plans describing the Osborne estate (herein-after referred to as "the deposited plans") have been deposited with the Clerk of the Parliaments and with the Clerk of the House of Commons:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The estate described on the deposited plans, and in this Act referred to as the Osborne estate, shall, by virtue of this Act, become vested in His Majesty in right of the Crown, and shall cease to be part of the private estates of the Sovereign.

(2) Section one of the Civil List Act, 1901 (which relates to the payment of the hereditary revenues to the Exchequer), shall apply to the Osborne estate.

(3) The Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1894, shall apply to the Osborne estate, but the part of the estate, coloured blue on the

1902.

Osborne Estate, 1902. Ch. 37, 38.

85

deposited plans (being Osborne House and grounds adjacent thereto) and the part of the estate coloured yellow on the deposited plan (being Barton House and grounds) shall b9 under the management of the Commissioners of Works as if it had been committed to their management under section twenty-two of the Crown Lands Act, 1851; and arrangements may at any time be made, with the consent of the Treasury, for placing any part of the Osborne estate under such management, or for withdrawing any part from such management as appears convenient at the time.

(4) As a memorial to Her late Majesty, the Commissioners of Works —

(a) shall, during His Majesty's pleasure, preserve, so far as may be, in its present condition, and keep open to the public, in such manner and on such terms as the Commissioners, with the approval of His Majesty, determine, such part of Osborne House as appears to have been in the personal occupation of Her late Majesty; and

(b) shall devote the rest of Osborne House and the grounds under their management to be used for the benefit of officers of His Majesty's naval and military forces or their wives, widows or family.

And the Commissioners of Works shall allow the said part of the estate coloured yellow (being Barton House and grounds) to be used as a residence for such persons as they may determine with the approval of His Majesty.

(5) The provisions of this section shall operate to discharge the Osborne estate from all the limitations, powers and provisions to which it is subject.

2. Nothing in this Act shall affect any of the land coloured Saving, red on the deposited plans (being land reserved for the private use

of members of the Royal Family), or any grant or lease existing at the commencement of this Act and affecting any part of the Osborne estate.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Osborne Estate Act, 1902.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to further amend the Law relating to Local Government in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[18th December 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Notwithstanding anything in sub-head () of subsection (3) Amendment of section ten of the principal Act, the compensation to be paid for land taken in pursuance of an order under that section shall, g io as to

86

Ch. 38. Local Government (Ire) Act, 1902. 2 Edw, 7-

determination of compensation.

Increase of contributions to county infirmaries, &c.

Amendment of 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. s. 42 (8) as to Order constituting an urban district.

Amendment of 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. s. 51 (7) as to time for payments of debts, &c.

Amendment of 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. s. 58 (2) (a) and (4) as to remuneration of medical practitioners, medicines, and sums raised in urban county districts to meet certain charges.

in the absence of agreement, be determined by the judge of assize without a jury, or, if the parties so agree, be determined by an arbitrator appointed by the Local Government Board, or by the judge of assize with a jury, according to the agreement.

2. In addition to the annual amount which may be contributed by a council of a county, or of a county borough, to a county infirmary or fever hospital under subsection (9) of section fifteen of the principal Act, the council may, if they think fit, contribute in any year the whole or any part of such further amount as may be certified by an auditor of the Local Government Board to be necessary to meet any deficit in the funds of such infirmary or hospital during that year.

3. Am order of the Local Government Board for constituting a town an urban district shall contain, in addition to the provisions mentioned in subsection (3) of section forty-two of the principal Act, such provisions as may seem necessary or expedient for determining the financial relations between the district so constituted and the county in which it is situated.

4. The time within which the payment of any debt, claim or demand, mentioned in subsection (7) of section fifty-one of the principal Act, may be made may be extended by the Local Government Board to a time not exceeding two years from the date at which the same was incurred or became due, in any case in which that Board are of opinion that there were reasonable grounds for delay in taking legal proceedings, or, where any such debt, claim or demand was incurred or became due at any time between the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine and the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and one, the aforesaid time may be extended by the Local Government Board to the first day of April next after the passing of this Act.

5. — (1) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section fifty-eight of the principal Act, and for no other purpose, any sum paid, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, by the guardians of a union during any financial year as remuneration to a medical practitioner, or a trained nurse temporarily employed to discharge the duties of a medical officer, or a trained nurse of a workhouse or dispensary, while he or she is absent on vacation, under the authority of any general regulation of the Local Government Board, made under the Poor Belief (Ireland) Acts, 1838 to 1900, shall be deemed to be part of the salary of that medical officer or trained nurse, and the Lord Lieutenant shall cause one half of the said sum to be paid out of the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account accordingly.

(2) The Lord Lieutenant shall cause to be paid out of the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account one half of the salary of any officer appointed by the Local Government Board for the purpose of assisting them in ascertaining whether the medicines and medical and surgical appliances mentioned in subsection (2) of the said section fifty-eight are provided in accordance with the prescribed conditions.

1902. Local Government (Ireland), 1902. Ch. 38. 87

(3) Subsection (4) of the said section fifty-eight shall apply in the case of an amount required to be raised in an urban county district by the council of that district, to meet a railway or harbour charge, in like manner as it applies in the case of an amount required to be raised in any area by a county council; and any sum payable by the Lord Lieutenant in pursuance of the said subsection, as amended by this enactment, shall be paid by him to the council of the urban district.

6. As from the first day of April in the year one thousand Amendment

nine hundred and three, section fifty-eight of the principal Act y^1 shall be amended as follows — s.ss as

(1) After the payments out of the Local Taxation (Ireland) payments-out

Account, authorised by the foregoing provisions of this Act, of Local have been made, there shall not be paid out of that account, n

in any local financial year, to any county council on behalf behalf of°D of the guardians of any union or any rural district, or to any unions and urban district council, a greater amount than was paid on

behalf of those guardians or that rural district; or to that 8 C8’ urban district council, as the case may be, in the local financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two;

(2) Subsection five of the said section fifty-eight shall be construed as if there were substituted therein, for the words "the " sums payable thereout under this section/’ the words "the " sums payable thereout under this section as amended by " any subsequent enactment."

7. Where, under subsection (2) of section sixty-three of the Amendment principal Act, the Local Government Board have directed that a disallowance or surcharge of a payment in respect of interest on B. 63 (2) as any loan shall be remitted, that payment and all subsequent to remission payments of interest at the same rate in respect of the same loan ^8^.low" shall, until the loan is repaid, or the Local Government Board surcharge, otherwise order, be legally chargeable upon such fund or rate as

that Board declare to be applicable for the payment thereof.

8. — (1) Where, before the first of April one thousand nine Provision hundred and two, any urban council have applied for the purposes Sloans1*0* of their district money obtained by them on loan, the Local obtained Government Board may, if they think fit, authorise the repayment before 1st of the whole or any part of that money, with interest, out of any Apnl 1902‘ fund at the disposal of the council, or ary rate which the council

are authorised to make, or any money raised by reborrowing.

(2) Any limit on the borrowing power of the council contained in subsection (2) of section two hundred and thirty-eight of the

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, or in any local Act, shall not 41 & 42 Vict, restrict the borrowing of any sum authorised to be borrowed for c*52* the purposes of this section.

(3) Nothing in this or the last preceding section shall prejudice or afiect any legal proceedings pending at the passing of this Act and commenced before the first day of August one thousand nine hundred and two.

88 Ch. 38. Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Validation of schemes for the collection of poor rate.

9. All officers employed in pursuance of a scheme for the collection of the poor rate, purporting to have been framed by a county council under subsection (10) of section one hundred and fifteen of the principal Act, shall be deemed to be, and to have always been, poor rate collectors appointed by the county council within the meaning of that Act; and no act done in pursuance of the scheme shall be, or be deemed to have been, invalid by reason only that the amount of the remuneration of any existing officer was not fixed by the scheme as approve! by the Local Government Board.

Superannuation 10. The provision in section c-ne of the Local Officers Super-of certain annuation Act (Ireland), 1869, which prohibits a public body from tubanfotrict Sran^no a superannuation allowance to an officer, unless his whole councils. time has been devoted to the service of that body, shall not have 32 & 33 Vict, effect in the case of a medical officer of health of an urban district c*79, or any existing officer within the meaning of the principal Act.

Amendment of 11. Article twenty-four of the schedule to the Local Government

EMctoSte0f (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898 (which provides for the Its?' transfer of powers from the Treasury to the Local Government 63 & 64 Vict. c. 63. Board), as amended by section nine of the Local Government ict. c. 40. ^jrejanc^ Act, 1900, shall apply to the powers conferred by section nine of the Public Libraries (Ireland) Act, 1855.

Amendment of 12. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in Article thirfcy-six of the

Bn£i°°of schedule to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, schedule, Order, 1898, the Local Government Board shall, by order, on article 86, as request made by a resolution of a county council, passed by two-meeti^'TofO^ thirds of the members of the council duly summoned on not less councils. than one month’s notice, authorise the council to hold half-yearly, instead of quarterly, meetings.

(2) An order under this section may provide for the transaction, at a half-yearly meeting, of any business which would, if the order had not been made, have been transacted at a quarterly meeting.

(3) An order under this section may make such modifications, in the application!*) the rural district councils comprised in the county, of the provisions of any Order in Council made under Part VI. of the principal Act, or of the Order confirmed by the Local Govern-

i Edw. 7, ment Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 3) Act, c. cxli. 1901, as the Local Government Board may consider necessary for

giving full effect to the order under this section.

(4) An order under this section may be revoked by the Local Government Board on request made, in accordance with the provisions of this section, by the county council affected by the order.

(5) If, by reason of anything done in pursuance of this section, the duties of any officer of a county or district council are increased or diminished, the officer shall be bound to perform those duties, and shall receive such increase or diminution of remuneration, in proportion to the increase or diminution of his duties, as the Local Government Board may determine, subject nevertheless, in the case of diminution, to such compensation as is provided by subsection (19) of section one hundred and fifteen of the principal

1902.

Local Government (I) Act, 1902. Ch. 38.

89

Act, and that subsection shall apply accordingly to any such officer in like manner as it applies to existing officers affected by the principal Act.

13. In section three of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, Extension of 1901, the words "two years " shall be substituted for the words 1 Edw- 7.

" one year." c‘ 28‘8’3 *

14. On request made by a resolution of the commissioners of Power to Local

a town, passed by two-thirds of the commissioners voting on the resolution, the Local Government Board may, notwithstanding day*orhours anything in section twenty-seven of the Towns Improvement of meetings of (Ireland) Act, 1854, make an order altering the day or hour, or twn commi9" both, on or at which the monthly meetings of the commissioners Vict.

may be held, and the order shall contain such consequential c. 103. provisions as the Local Government Board may consider necessary

for giving effect thereto.

15. No resolution of any council, board or commissioners to Admission of exclude from its meetings representatives of the press shall be the Press< valid unless sanctioned by the Local Government Board in pursuance of byelaws, which the Local Government Board are

hereby empowered to frame, regulating the admission of the representatives of the press to such meetings.

16. Whereas an association of county councils of Ireland has Provision for been formed for the purpose of consultation as to their common interests and the discussion of matters relating to local govern- ra?counc§ene* ment: Therefore a county council may pay out of the county fund,

as general expenses incurred by them in the execution of the principal Act, any sum, not exceeding ten pounds in any one year, as an annual or other subscription to the funds of the association, as well as any reasonable expenses of not more than two representatives at not more than two meetings of the association.

17. A county or district council may insure against any Power to insure liabilities of the council under the Workmen’s Compensation toworkmen.en s Acts, 1897 and 1900, the Employers’Liability Act, 1880, and at S&Mvjct'. c.‘& common law, and may pay the costs of such insurance out of any 43 & 44 Victc-42-fund or rate applicable for defraying general expenses incurred in

the execution of the principal Act.

18. — (1) Where a rural district council or a proposal com- Amendment of mittee, in the exercise of their powers under Article eighteen of acce^nce^f0 the Local Government (Procedure of Councils) Order, 1899, accept tenders.1106 °

a tender for the execution of a public work which is not the lowest tender received for that work, a minute shall be made in the prescribed manner and form stating the reasons for the non-acceptance of the tender, or, in case of more than one, of each tender, which is lower than the accepted tender.

(2) The minute shall be produced at any audit of accounts which include any payments made under any contract entered into in accordance with such accepted tender, and a certified copy of the minute shall be furnished by the secretary or clerk of the public body liable under the contract to any person requiring it

90

Ch. 3 8.

Local Government (Ireland) , 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 109.

Amendment of 34 & 35 Vict. c. 109. ss. 12 13 as to applications by aggrieved parties and illegal payments.

Amendment of law as to audit.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 109.

on payment of sixpence, and shall, in any legal proceedings, be conclusive evidence of the making and contents of the minute.

(3) If, at any such audit, it appears to the auditor that any tender was accepted or approved of for any fraudulent or improper purpose or object, or for any purpose or object other than the bona fide discharge by the persons who accepted it of their duties in the interests of the ratepayers, he may declare any contract entered into in accordance with the tender to be illegal, and the contract shall thereupon become void.

(4) Section twelve of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871 (relating to the duties of an auditor and to appeals), shall apply in the case of any contract declared to be illegal in pursuance of this section, and the persons who accepted or approved of the tender may be surcharged accordingly either with all payments made under the contract, or with such portion thereof as may appear to the auditor, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, just and reasonable.

(5) Where a contract is declared to be illegal in pursuance of this section, the contractor may, notwithstanding such declaration, recover any sum due to him for work done or materials supplied before such declaration.

(6) Any decision of an auditor under this section shall, save so far as the same may be altered on appeal, be conclusive and binding on all persons.

(7) So long as any portion of any sum surcharged in pursuance of this section remains unpaid, every person upon whom the surcharge i3 made shall be deemed to be disqualified for being elected or chosen or being a member of any county or district council, and subsection eleven of article twelve of the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898, shall apply accordingly.

19. Every application under section twelve of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, by a party aggrieved, to an auditor, to state the reasons for his decision in respect of any allowance, disallowance or surcharge, shall be made, in the case of an allowance, not later than fourteen days after the allowance has been made, and, in the case of a disallowance or surcharge, not later than fourteen days after any sum has been certified to be due from any person in respect of the disallowance or surcharge; and every such application shall, for the purposes of section thirteen of the said Act, be deemed to be a notice of appeal.

20. — (1) At the audit of the accounts of any public body, the auditor shall charge, against any person accounting, the amouht of any deficiency or loss incurred by his negligence or misconduct, or of any sum which ought to have been, but was not, brought into account by him, and shall, in any such case, certify the amount due from him.

(2) Sections twelve and thirteen of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, and section sixty-three of the principal Act (which relate to audits), shall apply to every sum certified to be due in pursuance of this section.

1902.

Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1902. Ch. 38, 39.

91

21. — (1) Where the Local Government Board require an extra- Provisions with ordinary audit to be held of the accounts of any public body, or of aspect to any officer, whether still continuing or upon his resignation or audits* removal from office, the audit shall be deemed to be an audit

within the meaning of the enactments relating to the audit of the accounts of public bodies, and may be held after three days’ notice thereof given in the usual manner.

(2) An auditor of the Local Government Board may, at any time when authorised or required so to do by that Board, inspect the accounts and books of account of any public body or any officer liable to account to him.

(3) Any member or officer of a public body who refuses to allow such inspection, or obstructs the auditor therein, or conceals any account or book for the purpose of preventing the inspection, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

22. — (1) The Local Government Board may make general Regulations as regulations for the audit of the accounts of public bodies and their to audit* officers, and the regulations may prescribe the form in which the accounts are to be kept, the mode of publishing the time and place

for holding the audit, the person by whom, and the time within which, the accounts are to be produced for audit, and the mode of conducting the audit.

(2) Subsection five of article nineteen of the schedule to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898, is hereby annulled.

23. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the Definition, expression " public body" means any council, board, commissioners

or committee, whose accounts are, under this or any other Act, or any Provisional Order confirmed by an Act, subject to audit by an auditor of the Local Government Board.

24. This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Ireland) Short title, con-

Act, 1902, and shall be construed as one with the Local Govern- and

ment (Ireland) Act, 1898 (in this Act referred to as the " principal

Act "), and may be cited with the Local Government (Ireland)

Acts, 1898 to 1901.

CHAPTER 39,

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Militia and Yeomanry.

[18th December 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For the purpose of forming reserve divisions of the Amendment militia and yeomanry, the Secretary of State may, by regulations, to

relax or dispense with the provisions of any enactment in any militia^nd existing Act of Parliament relating to the training of militia and yeomanry, yeomanry, so far as regards their application to men in the reserve

45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

[Short title.]

Increase of authorised issue under 59 & 60 Vict. c. 38.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 11.

[Short title.]

Ch. 39, 40, 41 Militia and Yeomanry, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

divisions, _nd any man in a reserve division may be transferred, by the competent military authority within the meaning of Part Two of the Army Act, from one corps of militia or yeomanry to another, so, however, that a militiaman or yeoman shall not, without his consent, be transferred to a corps of another arm.

(2) All regulations made in pursuance of this section shall be laid before Parliament as soon as practicable after they are made, if Parliament be then sitting, and, if Parliament be not sitting, as soon as practicable after the beginning of the next session of Parliament.

(8) Sections three and four of the Militia Act, 1882, relating to maintenance and government of the militia, shall apply to yeomanry.

2. This Act may be cited as the Militia and Yeomanry Act. 1902.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to provide further Money for the Uganda Railway.

[18th December 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The maximum sum authorised to be issued under the Uganda Railway Act, 1896, as amended by the Uganda Railway Act, 1900, shall be five million five hundred and thirty thousand pounds instead of four million nine hundred and thirty thousand pounds, and any sums so issued may, if necessary, be applied, under the direction of the Treasury, for the purpose of paying the principal of, and interest on, any temporary loan raised for the purpose of the Uganda railway before the passing of this Act.

(2) The Uganda Railway Act, 1900, is hereby repealed.

2. This Act may be cited as the Uganda Railway Act, 1902.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act for establishing a Water Board to manage the supply of Water within London and certain adjoining Districts, for transferring to the Water Board the undertakings of the Metropolitan Water Companies, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[18th December 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 93

Establishment of Water Board.

1. — (1) A board, to be called the Metropolitan Water Board, and in this Act referred to as "-the Water Board, " shall be established for the purpose of acquiring by purchase and of managing and carrying on the undertakings of the companies mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act (in this Act referred to as " metropolitan water companies"), and generally for the purpose of supplying water within the area described in the Second Schedule to this Act, subject to such alterations therein as may be made by or under this Act (which area is in this Act referred to as "the limits of supply ").

(2) The Water Board shall be a body corporate with a common seal, having power to acquire and hold land for the purposes of this Act without licence in mortmain.

---

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Water Board shall consist of a chairman, a vice-chairman and other members; the chairman and vice-chairman shall be appointed by the Water Board, and the other members shall be appointed as follows: —

Fourteen by the London County Council.

Two by the common council of the City.

Two by the council of the city of Westminster.

One by the council of each of the other metropolitan boroughs.

One by the county council of Essex.

Two by the council of the borough of West Ham.

One by the council of the urban district of East Ham.

One by the council of the urban district of Leyton.

One by the council of the urban district of Walthamstow.

One by the councils of the urban districts of Buckhurst Hill, Chingford, Loughton, Waltham Holy Cross, Wanstead and Woodford.

One by the county council of Kent.

---

One by the councils of the urban districts of Beckenham, Bromley, Chislehurst, Penge, Bexley, Dartford, Erith and Footscray.

One by the county council of Middlesex.

One by the council of the urban district of Tottenham.

One by the council of the urban district of Willesden.

One by the council of the borough of Ealing and the councils of the urban districts of Acton and Chiswick.

One by the councils of the urban districts of Brentford, Hampton, Hampton Wick, Hanwell, Heston and Isle worth, Sunbury, Teddington and Twickenham.

One by the councils of the urban districts of Edmonton, Enfield and Southgate.

One by the councils of the urban districts of Hornsey and Wood Green.

One by the county council of Surrey.

One by the council of the borough of Kingston and the councils of the urban districts of East and West Molesey, Esher and the Dittons, Ham, Surbiton, Barnes, the Maidens and Coouibe and Wimbledon.

Establishment of Water Board.

94 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Transfer of undertakings of water companies to Board.

Effect of transfer.

One by the county council of Hertfordshire.

One by the Conservators of the River Thames.

One by the Lee Conservancy Board.

(4) The Water Board may pay tb the chairman and vice-chairman or either of them such salary or salaries as the Board may determine.

(5) Subject to the provisions of this section, the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act, with respect to the constitution and proceedings of the Water Board, shall have effect.

Transfer to Water Board of Undertakings of Companies.

2. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, as from the appointed day the undertaking of each of the metropolitan water companies shall be transferred to, and shall vest in, the Water Board, and there shall also be transferred from each company to the Water Board all liabilities with respect to any debenture stock or mortgage debt of such company, and all other debts, liabilities and obligations of such company then existing.

(2) The Water Board shall pay to each company, as compensation for the transfer of their undertaking, such sum as may be agreed on between the Board and the company, or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by arbitration under this Act, but the sum so payable may, if the Water Board and the company so agree, be discharged wholly or partly in water stock.

(3) An agreement for the purposes of this section shall not be made except in pursuance of a resolution of an absolute majority of the whole number of the Water Board, after ten clear days’ notice in writing of the meeting and of the intention to propose the resolution has been given to every member of the Board, and any such notice shall state the amount of the sum to be paid, or of the water stock to be issued, under the proposed agreement. Any such agreement shall be valid only if, and so far as, it is confirmed by the Court of Arbitration constituted by tin's Act, and that Court may confirm the agreement either with or without modifications.

3. Subject to the provisions of this Act, as from the appointed day, the Water Board shall hold the undertaking of each metropolitan water company and may exercise all the rights, powers, authorities and privileges of the company, and shall (to the exclusion of the company) be subject to all the duties, obligations and liabilities of the company, under the Acts, whether local or general, and the charters, orders and other provisions relating to the company, in like manner mutatis mutandis as if they were the company; and, where the company are, immediately before the appointed day, supplying water otherwise than in bulk in any parish in which they are not, by the Acts relating to the company, authorised to supply water, those Acts and all public general Acts applying to the metropolitan water companies shall, as from that date, extend and apply to that parish and the works of the company comprised therein, as if the parish had been a parish in which the company were authorised to supply water:

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 95

Provided that so much of any Act as authorises or requires any such company to supply water otherwise than in hulk in any place which, in accordance with the provisions of this Act, ceases to be within the limits of supply, shall not, so long as that place continues to be without the limits of supply, apply to the Water Board.

4. As . from the appointed day any debts, debenture stock or Security for rentcharges or other annual payments, secured on the undertaking

or . income of any of the metropolitan water companies, or any transferred to part thereof, shall be, by virtue of this enactment, secured in like Board, manner on the water fund established by this Act, and any debts, debenture stock or rentcharges or other annual payments charged on any specific property of any such company shall remain charged on that property; and the mortgagee or other person secured shall have the same rights and remedies, as nearly as may be, against the Water Board and the water fund or any specific property charged, as he would have had against the company and the undertaking or income or the specific property charged, if this Act had not been passed.

5. — (1) The money or stock to which a metropolitan water Discharge, company become entitled under this Act, in consideration for the transfer of their undertaking, shall be paid or issued to the company bution of by the Water Board within six months after the appointed day or compensation, after the ascertainment of the amount thereof, whichever date is the later.

(2) The money or stock so paid or issued shall be applied and distributed in the manner provided with respect to the company in the Fourth Schedule to this Act. This subsection shall not apply to the New River Company.

6. — (1) As soon as the compensation to which any metropolitan Application of water company are entitled has been applied and distributed in sinking funds, accordance with the provisions of this Act, the Chamberlain of the

City of London shall transfer to the Water Board all money or other property received by him in respect of the stock or shares of the company held by him and applicable as a sinking fund towards the purchase of the undertaking of the company under the special Acts of the company, and shall at the same time transfer to the Water Board any debenture stock or money held by him and applicable towards the same purpose.

(2) Any water stock or debenture stock transferred to the Water Board under this section shall be forthwith cancelled and extinguished.

(3) So much of any local Act as requires any such company to make periodical payments to any such fund as aforesaid shall not apply to the Water Board.

7. — (1) Within two years from the appointed day all irredeem- Substitution of able debenture stock shall be extinguished, and the Water Board ^irredeem-shall issue to the holders thereof, in substitution therefor, the abie debenture amount of water stock to which they are severally entitled under stock.

this section.

96 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7

(2) The amount of water stock to be so issued to a holder of debenture stock shall be such an amount as is sufficient to produce the same sum by way of income as the debenture stock in substitution for which it is issued.

(3) As soon as the Water Board resolve to issue water stock in substitution for any debenture stock under this section, they shall give notice of their intention to do so by advertising it once in the, London Gazette and in two or more London daily newspapers, and by sending notice by post to each of the holders of that debenture stock, to his registered address, and the notice shall specify the place and the time, not being less than three months from the date of the notice, at which the issue of water stock will be made.

(4) Before water stock is issued under this section in substitution for auy debenture stock, the certificate of that stock shall be produced and delivered to the Water Board: Provided that the Water Board shall dispense with the production and delivery of a certificate upon receiving such indemnity as may be reasonably required.

(5) As from the time fixed by the notice for the issue of water stock in substitution for any debenture stock, that debenture stock shall be cancelled and extinguished, and no interest shall after that time accrue due in respect thereof, but the water stock issued in substitution therefor shall cany interest as from the time so fixed.

(6) Water stock issued under, and for the purposes of, this section shall not be redeemable until after the expiration of sixty years from the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and three.

(7) The water stock under this section substituted for any irredeemable debenture stock shall be held in the same rights, on the same trusts, and subject to the same powers, provisions, charges and liabilities, as those in, on or to which the debenture stock was held immediately before the substitution, and so as to give effect to, and not to revoke, any deed, will or other instrument or testamentary or other disposition disposing of or affecting the debenture stock; and every such deed, will instrument or disposition shall take effect with reference to the whole cr a proportionate part, as the case may be, of the substituted water stock.

8. — (1) The Water Board shall, within one hundred years from the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and three, purchase or redeem, and pay off, all redeemable debenture stock and all mortgage debts, and any stock so purchased or redeemed by the Board shall, as from the date of the purchase or redemption, be extinguished and cancelled.

(2) The holder of any such debenture stock or mortgage debt, whether or not he is a trustee or under any disability, may agree with the Water Board to accept water stock in lieu of money in consideration for his debenture stock or mortgage debt.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising the Water Board to redeem debenture stock otherwise than in accordance with the conditions as to redemption applicable to the stock.

Provisions as to redeemable debenture stock and mortgage debts.

1902.

Metropolis Water 1902. Ch. 41. 97

9. With respect to the New River Company and the undertaking thereof, the following provisions shall have effect notwithstanding anything in this Act contained: —

(1) The undertaking of the New River Company shall not include any landed estate, houses or property of the company not directly used for, or connected with, their water supply, nor any books, accounts or documents relating solely to such estate, houses and property, nor any books, accounts or documents which, though connected with their water supply, also relate to other parts of the undertaking or property of the New River Company, all which landed estate, houses and property and books, accounts and documents so excepted shall be specified in a schedule sealed with the seal of the company, and signed by the governor of the company and by a secretary of the Local Government Board, and deposited with that Board; and all such estate, houses and property and every part thereof shall, as from the appointed day, be absolutely freed and discharged from the debenture stock of the New River Company and the Staines Reservoirs guaranteed debenture stock, and from all principal moneys and interest thereby secured.

(2) There shall be excepted from the debts, liabilities and obligations of the New River Company transferred to the Water Board all debts, liabilities and obligations of that company incurred solely in respect of such estate, houses and property as aforesaid, or any part thereof.

(3) The undertaking of the New River Company shall not include such part of the offices and premises in Rosebery Avenue, now in the occupation of that company, and the office furniture and fittings therein as may, after the appointed day, be reasonably required for the purposes of the company; and all structural or other alterations which may be requisite for the division of the said offices and premises shall be executed at the expense of the Water Board, and, in case of difference as to such division or the cost thereof, the same shall be settled by the Court of Arbitration.

(4) The sum payable to the New River Company as compensation for the transfer of their undertaking shall be discharged wholly in water stock, and the amount thereof shall, in default of agreement made in accordance with the provisions of section two of this Act, be determined by arbitration under this Act.

(5) The Court of Arbitration constituted under this Act shall settle and determine the shares and proportions in which so much of the water stock issued to the New River Company under this Act as is distributable amongst the shareholders of the company shall be apportioned as between —

(a) the owners of the thirty-six parts or shares in the Adventurers’ moiety of the undertaking of the New River Company (herein-after referred to as "the Adventurers’ shares "); and

Special provisions as to New River Company.

98

Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

(b) the owners of the thirty-six parts or shares in the King’s moiety of the undertaking of the New River Company (herein-after referred to as the <f King’s shares "); and

(c) the owners of the New River Company’s new shares issued under the New River Company’s Act, 1866;

But, in determining the proportion of water stock to be apportioned to the owners of the Adventurers’ shares, the Court of Arbitration shall have regard to the sum payable to the New River Company under this Act and distributable amongst the directors by way of compensation for loss of office.

(6) The transfer of the undertaking of the New River Company to the Water Board shall include the transfer of all interest and estate of any shareholder of the company in any land or property forming part, or used for the purposes, of the undertaking of the company and not excepted by the provisions of this section.

(7) Every Adventurers’ share and every King’s share, and every part of an Adventurers’ or King’s share, and any water stock issuable or issued in respect of any such share or part of a share, and the right to receive any such water stock, shall — *

(i) until the appointed day; and (ii) after the appointed day, »but thereafter only unless or until —

(a) some person who is sui juris is absolutely entitled beneficially in possession to or has a general power to dispose of such share or part of a share, or such water stock, or

(b) such share or part of a share, or such water stock or the right to receive such water stock, is transferred on a sale to a purchaser,

for aT purposes of disposition, transmission and devolution, be considered as land, and (so far as regards such water stock or right to receive water stock) be held for and go to the same persons, in the same manner and for and on the same estates, interests and trusts as the Adventurers’ or King’s share, or the part of an Adventurers’ or King’s share, in respect of which the water stock is issuable or issued, would have been held and have gone under any will, settlement or other instrument affecting that share or part of a share, or otherwise, if this Act had not been passed.

For the purposes of this provision, the expression general power " includes every power or authority enabling the donee or other holder thereof to appoint or dispose Of the fee simple or absolute interest of or in property in possession as he thinks fit, but exclusively of any power exercisable in a fiduciary capacity or exercisable as tenant for life under the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890, or as mortgagee.

(8) The New River Company shall, in the next or next succeeding session of Parliament, introduce into Parliament a Bill to make provision for the application and distribution

1902.

Metropolis Water , 1902. Ch. 41. 99

of the water stock issued to the New River Company in consideration for the transfer of their undertaking, and provisions shall be inserted in such Bill for (amongst other matters) the following, that is to say: —

(a) The distribution of the water stock amongst the several persons entitled to or interested in the Adventurers’ shares, the King’s shares and the New River Company’s new shares respectively, with all such provisions as may be necessary or desirable for the purpose of preserving the respective rights of such several persons and otherwise in relation to such stock;

(b) The transfer into court of any water stock in any case where the New River Company are unable to find the person to whom the same is issuable, or where the New River Company are unable to obtain an effectual discharge

, for the same;

(c) The eventual winding up and dissolution or the reconstruction of the New River Company:

And any further provisions which may be necessary desirable in relation to the distribution of the compensj for the transfer of the undertaking of the New River Cq] and for the protection of the directors of the company^ be inserted in the Bill.

(9) The Water Board shall, if so required by the New River Company, instead of issuing to the company the whole of the water stock to be issued to them under this Act, issue that water stock to such amounts and to such persons as the company may require, and the issue of water stock in accordance with such requirements shall to that extent discharge the Water Board of their liability to issue water stock to the company.

10. No compensation shall be payable under this Act to Provisions as the Staines Reservoirs Joint Committee for the transfer of their undertaking to the Water Board, and on the appointed day that j"nt com-committee shall be dissolved, but nothing in this section shall mittee. prejudice or affect any claim which any metropolitan water company make in respect of the interest of the company in the undertaking of the joint committee or any expenditure by the company in respect of the said undertaking.

Provisions as to certain Boroughs and Districts.

11. — (1) As from the appointed day, the water undertaking of Transferor the councils of the urban district of Tottenham and of the urban "t.er un(*er' district of Enfield shall be transferred to and shall vest in the Tottenham Water Board freed from all debts, liabilities and obligations of the and Enfield council incurred in respect of, or attaching to, the undertaking. Councils

(2) The Water Board shall pay to each council, in consideration for the undertaking so transferred, such a sum as may be agreed on between the Board and the council, or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by arbitration under this Act.

100

Ch. 41.

Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

(3) All securities granted before the appointed day on the credit of any fund or rate of either of the said councils, as well as all unsecured debts, liabilities and obligations incurred by either of those councils in respect of their water undertaking, shall be discharged, paid and satisfied by that council.

(4) Each council shall apply any sum received by them under this section in discharging any capital liabilities incurred by them in respect of their water undertaking or, with the consent of the Local Government Board, for any other purpose for which capital money may be applied by the council, or partly in the one way and partly in the other.

(5) The Water Board shall, as from the appointed day, supply water in such parts of the urban district of Tottenham as are, immediately before that date, supplied by the council thereof, and that supply shall be furnished by the Board as if in exercise of their powers as successors of the New River Company; and the Acts relating to, and the regulations made by, that company shall apply not only to the parts so supplied, but also to the remaining parts of that district, except the portion supplied by the East London Waterworks Company.

(6) The Water Board shall, as from the appointed day, supply water in such parts of the urban district of Enfield as are, immediately before that date, supplied by the council thereof, and that supply shall be furnished by the Board as if in exercise of their powers as successors of the New River Company; and the Acts relating to, and the regulations made by, that Company shall apply not only to the parts so supplied, but also to the remaining parts of that district, subject however, as regards a portion of the district of Enfield, to the provisions of this Act with respect to the Barnet District Gas and Water Company.

(7) The provisions of this Act as to —

(a) the inspection of works; and

(b) the inspection and taking copies of and extracts from books, accounts and documents; and

(c) Existing officers and existing servants; and

(d) Agreements

shall apply to the waterworks, and the books, accounts and documents relating thereto, and the officers and servants employed solely thereon or in connection therewith, of the councils of the urban districts of Tottenham and Enfield, and to agreements between the Water Board and those councils, in like manner as they apply to the works, looks, accounts and documents and existing officers and existing servants of the metropolitan water companies, and to agreements between the Water Board and those companies.

(8) For the purposes of this sect:on, the expression "water undertaking" includes all lands, buildings, wells, works, materials and plant of the councils suitable to and used by them for the purposes of supplying water within their districts, and all books, accounts and documents relating solely thereto.

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 101

12. As from the appointed day, such parts of the boroughs of Provisions as Croydon and Richmond and of the urban districts of Cheshunt ^rtsand and Ware as are within the limits of supply shall cease to be urban districts, within the limits of supply, and the powers, rights and duties of the councils of those boroughs and districts with respect to the supply of water shall extend throughout their respective boroughs and districts, and all such waterworks and plant transferred to the Water Board under this Act as are situate in any such borough or urban district, and which are, at the passing of this Act, or have been, within six months immediately previous thereto, in actual use for the supply of any part of the borough or district (other than waterworks or plant used for supplying with water any other place within the limits of supply), shall be transferred to, and shall vest in, the council of the borough or district in which they are so situate, upon such terms as may be agreed upon between the council and the Water Board, or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by arbitration under this Act; and the council shall also pay to the Water Board, in respect of the loss by the Water Board, and the acquisition by the council, of the right of supplying water within the parts of the borough or urban district within which the council are not supplying water at the passing of this Act, such sum (if any) as may be agreed upon or determined in like manner

13. — (1) The Water Board shall, if required by the council of Supply in the borough of Croydon or Richmond or of the urban district of Cheshunt or Ware, or by the council of any rural district situate *

wholly or partly within the limits of supply, supply water in bulk to that council for use within any part of the district of the council which at the passing of this Act was within the limits of supply, in such quantities and at such price and generally upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon between the council and the Water Board, or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by arbitration; and the agreement or award may provide for the revision, from time to time, of the quantity of water to be supplied, and the price, terms and conditions of the supply, and for the discontinuance of the supply, in such manner as may be specified in the agreement or award:

Provided that, if the Water Board are required to supply water in bulk to the council of a rural district, the district shall cease to be within the limits of supply, and, if the district is one in which, at the date of the requisition, there are situate any waterworks and plant belonging to the Water Board, which are, at the date of such requisition, or have been, within six months immediately preceding thereto, in actual use for the supply of any part of such district, the waterworks and plant so situate and used (except the waterworks or plant necessary for supplying with water any other place within the limits of supply) shall be transferred to, and shall vest in, the council upon such terms as may be agreed upon between the council and the Water Board, or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by arbitration; and the council shall also pay to the Water Board, in respect of the loss by the Water Board, and the acquisition by the council, of the right of supplying water

102 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

38 & 39 Vict, o. 55.

Special provisions as to Hertfordshire.

Expenses of Board.

within the parts of the district within which the council are not supplying water at the date of such requisition, such sum (if any) as may be agreed upon or determined in like manner.

(2) Where the price to be paid for a supply of water in bulk or the quantity of water to be so supplied or the terms and conditions of the supply can be determined in the course of an arbitration held for the purpose of determining the price to be paid for waterworks and plant transferred by this Act to the council of a borough or urban district or the sum to be paid in respect of the right of supplying water, the price, quantity, terms or conditions shall, if necessary, be determined at that arbitration; but, save as aforesaid, an arbitration under this section shall be in accordance with the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to arbitrations authorised by that Act, and the provisions as to arbitrations under this Act shall not apply.

(3) Where any metropolitan water company, before the passing of this Act, have from time to time supplied water in bulk to any person in any district in which the company are not authorised to supply water, the Water Board may continue to furnish such a supply upon such terms and subject to such conditions as may be agreed upon between the Water Board and the person supplied.

14. — (1) The quantity of water to be supplied in bulk under the provisions of this Act by the Water Board to the council of an urban or rural district in Hertfordshire shall not be determined by agreement or arbitration, but shall be such quantity as the council may require, so, however, that the quantity required in any quarter shall not exceed such quantity as will suffice to afford the like quantity of water per head of the population within the area supplied by the council as was, during the corresponding quarter in the preceding year, supplied per head of the population within the limits of supply, and that the quantity required in any one day shall not exceed one sixtieth of the total quantity which can be required during the quarter comprising that day; and an)’ questions arising under this subsection shall be determined by the Local Government Board.

(2) In the event of the council of the urban district of Hoddesdon becoming entitled to construct waterworks within their district, the provisions of this Act relating to the supply of water in bulk to the councils of rural districts shall apply as if that urban district were a rural district in Hertfordshire.

Financial Provisions.

15. — (1) There shall be established a water fund, and all receipts of the Water Board shall be carried to that fund, and all payments by the Board shall be made out of that fund.

(2) Any sum required to meet any deficiency in the water fund, whether for satisfying past or future liabilities, in any financial year, shall be apportioned amongst the City of London and the metropolitan boroughs in the County of London and the municipal boroughs and urban districts outside London, the

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 103

councils of which are for the time being entitled to be represented on the Water Board, in proportion to the rateable value appearing in the valuation lists in force on the preceding sixth day of April of the hereditaments at that date supplied with water by the Water Board or any metropolitan water company or the council of the urban district of Tottenham or Enfield in the City and each such borough and district. w^taar:

(3) The Water Board shall issue precepts for the sums apportioned to the City and the several boroughs and districts liable —

(a) in the case of the City of London, to the common council;

(b) in the case of a metropolitan borough, to the council of that borough;

(c) in the case of a municipal borough or urban district, to the council thereof;

and the council shall pay to the Water Board the amount specified in the precept.

(4) The amount required by any such precept shall be paid — (a) in the case of the City, out of the consolidated rate";

(b) in the case of a metropolitan borough, as part [of the expenses incurred by the council thereof;

(c) in the case of a municipal borough or urban district, out of the fund or rate out of which the expenses of the council thereof, incurred in the execution of the Public Health Acts, are payable.

(5) A demand note for any rate levied for defraying any expenses of the Water Board, together with other expenses, shall state, as a separate item, the amount to be paid for defraying the expenses of that Board.

(6) The Water Board shall not, until Parliament otherwise determine, reduce the rates charged for the supply of water below those in force during the quarter ending the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand nine hundred and two, unless the Board are satisfied that such a reduction would not cause a deficiency in the water fund; but the Water Board shall, within three years after the appointed day, introduce into Parliament a Bill providing for uniform scales of charges applicable throughout the limits of supply.

(7) Within three years after the appointed day, the Water Board may prepare and publish in the London Gazette a scheme enabling their charges for the supply of water to be collected together with any local rate.

Any local or rating authority within the limits of supply may transmit to the Local Government Board their objections to any such scheme within forty days after the scheme is published in the London Gazette.

16. — (1) The Water Board may borrow money for the purpose Powers of ____ borrowing.

(a) paying any money (other than money payable by way of interest on purchase money) payable under this Act by the Water Board to a metropolitan water company; and

104 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

Issue of water stock.

(b) paying any money payable under this Act by the Water Board to the council of the urban district of Tottenham or Enfield; and

(c) purchasing, redeeming or paying off any debenture stock or mortgage debt; and

(d) executing any work authorised by the Acts relating to any of the metropolitan water companies, so that the amount does not exceed the amounts which were, immediately before the appointed day, under those Acts, authorised to be raised for that purpose, but have not been raised before that date; and

(e) paying any compensation payable under this Act (otherwise than by way of annuity);

and, with the consent of the Local Government Board, for the purpose of any payment by the Water Board or of any permanent work or other thing which the Water Board are authorised to execute or do, and which, or the cost of which, ought, in the opinion of the Local Government Board, to be spread over a term of years.

(2) All money borrowed under this section shall be raised by means of the issue of water stock under this Act, unless the Local Government Board consent to some other mode of raising the money, and, where the Local Government Board so consent, any money raised and the interest thereon shall be charged on the water fund or on such property or revenues of the Water Board, and in such manner, as the Local Government Board may sanction.

(3) Any money borrowed under this Act, if borrowed for the purpose of making any payment to a metropolitan water company, or to the council of the urban district of Tottenham or Enfield, or of redeeming, purchasing or paying off any debenture stock or mortgage debt, shall be repaid within the period of one hundred years from the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and three, and, if borrowed for any other purpose, shall be repaid within such period, not exceeding sixty years from the date of the borrowing, as the Water Board, with the consent of the Local Government Board, may determine.

(4) For the purpose of paying off a loan raised under this Act, the Water Board shall have the like powers of reborrowing as a county council have under section sixty-nine of the Local Government Act, 1888, and the provisions of that section, so far as they relate to reborrowing, shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to the Water Board and to the security on which that Board are, by or under this Act, authorised to borrow.

(5) So much of any Local Act as relates to the method of borrowing money by a metropolitan water company shall, as from the appointed day, be repealed.

17. — (1) For the purpose of enabling the Water Board to raise money which they are authorised to borrow under this Act, and to issu$ any water stock which, under the provisions of this Act, is to be issued to any metropolitan water company or the holder of any debenture stock or mortgage debt, the Water Board may create a sufficient amount of stock, to be called Metropolitan

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 105

Water Stock, and in this Act referred to as " water stock, " hearing interest at such a rate, not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, as the Water Board, with the consent of the Local Government Board, and after consultation with the Governor of the Bank of England, may resolve.

(2) Water stock and the interest thereon shall be charged on the water fund and on all the revenues of the Water Board.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the provisions of

section fifty-two of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890, 53 & 54 Vict, which relates to the issue of stock by local authorities, shall apply c* 59-to water stock as if it were stock created under, and the Water Board were an authority mentioned in, that section; and the regulations in respect of water stock issued to the holders of irredeemable debenture stock shall be uniform with the regulations in respect of other water stock, except as to the period of redemption and the provisions relating thereto.

(4) Water stock shall be included amongst the securities in

which a trustee may invest under the powers of the Trustee Act, 56 & 57 Vict. 1893. c. 53.

18. — (1) The Water Board shall, in accordance with regulations Provisions a* made by the Local Government Board, by the creation of one or to discharge more sinking or redemption funds or otherwise, make provision 0 oan8’ c* for —

(a) the discharge, within a period of one hundred years from the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and three, of the amount of any water stock issued by the Board in consideration for the undertaking of any metropolitan water company, or in substitution or in consideration for any debenture stock or mortgage debts; and

(b) the discharge, within that period, of all debenture stock and mortgage debts which, under this Act, are to be discharged within that period; and

(c) the discharge, within the periods within which they are, under this Act, to be discharged, of any sums borrowed by the Water Board under this Act:

Provided that, during the first twenty years of the said period of one hundred years, the Water Board shall not be required to make any payments towards the discharge of water stock, debenture stock, mortgage debts, or loans, for the discharge of which the said period of one hundred years is fixed by this Act, other than the payment in respect of each year, towards the discharge of such water stock, of the amount (if any) by which the receipts on revenue account exceed the expenditure on that account of the Water Board in that year, after deducting such sum as may be reasonably necessary for meeting current expenses. The sums so to be paid shall be paid as soon as may be after the amount thereof is ascertained, and the certificate of the auditor of the accounts of the Water Board, subject to such variations as the Local Government Board may allow, shall be conclusive as to the amount to be paid.

106 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

53 & 54 Vict. C. 59.

38 & 39 Vict o. 83.

Accounts and audit.

Provisions as to payments by the Water Board.

(2) The Local Government Board mtty make regulations under this section, and the regulations so made- —

(a) if they relate to the discharge of water stock, shall be made under section fifty-two of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890, as applied by this Act; and (b) if they relate to the discharge of any debenture stock, mortgage debts, or loans, may apply, with or without modifications, any enactments of the Local Loans Act, 1875, and the Acts amending that Act, and may contain such other provisions as appear to the Local Government Board necessary or proper for the purpose of the regulations, and shall have effect as if they were enacted in this Act.

(3) For the purpose of this section, the expression "discharge" means —

(a) with respect to water stock and debenture stock, the redemption or purchase thereof; and

(b) with respect to mortgage debts and loans, the payment off or repayment thereof.

19. The accounts of the Water Board, and any committee appointed by them, and of their officers, shall be made up and audited in like manner, and subject to the same provisions, as the accounts of county councils, except that a water consumer shall have the same right of being present at the audit, and of making objections and appealing, as a ratepayer has, and that the stamp duty charged on the Water Board for the purposes of the District Auditors Act, 1879, shall be such as the Treasury, after consultation with the Local Government Board, and having regard to the cost of the audit, may determine, and the enactments relating to the accounts of county councils and the audit thereof, and to all matters incidental thereto and consequential thereon, including the penal provisions, shall apply accordingly.

20. — (1) At the beginning of every financial year, the Water Board shall cause to be submitted to them an estimate of the receipts and expenditure of such Board during that financial year, whether on account of property, contributions, rates, loans, or otherwise.

(2) All payments to and out of the water fund shall be made to and by the treasurer of the Water Board, and all payments out of the fund shall be made in pursuance of an order of the Water Board signed by three members of the finance committee present at the meeting of the Board and countersigned by the clerk of the Board, and the same order may include several payments.

Moreover all cheques for the payment of money issued in pursuance of such order shall be countersigned by the clerk of the Board, or by a deputy approved by the Board.

(3) The Water Board shall, from time to time, appoint a finance committee for regulating and controlling their finance, and an order for the payment of a sum out of the water fund, whether on account of capital or income, shall not be made by the Water Board except in pursuance of a resolution of the Board passed on

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 107

the recommendation of the finance committee, and any costs, debt" or liability exceeding fifty pounds shall not be incurred except upon a resolution of the Board passed on an estimate submitted by the finance committee.

(4) The notice of the meeting at which any resolution for the payment of a sum out of the water fund (otherwise than for ordinary periodical payments), or any resolution for incurring any costs, debt or liability exceeding fifty pounds, will be proposed, shall state the amount of the said sum, costs, debt or liability and the purposes for which they are to be paid or incurred.

21. — (1) The payment of any money payable by a local Power of authority to the Water Board, in respect of any waterworks and authorities^ plant transferred to the authority by or under this Act, or in borrow, respect of the right to supply water within any part of the area of

the authority, shall, for purposes of borrowing, be deemed to be expenses incurred by the authority in the execution of the Public Health Acts.

(2) The amount of money to be borrowed shall not be restricted by the limitation on borrowing contained in subsections (2) and (3) of section two hundred and thirty-four of the Public Health Act,

1875, and, in calculating the amount which the local authority may borrow under the last-mentioned Act, any money borrowed by the authority for the purposes of this Act shall not be reckoned.

22. Any money received by the Water Board from the Application Chamberlain of the City of London under this Act, or in respect of cPJtal of any waterworks and plant transferred from the Board by or e p under this Act, or as the proceeds of the sale of any land under

this Act, and any other capital receipts of the Board, not applicable to any other purpose, shall be applied, in such manner as the Local Government Board sanction, towards any purpose for which money may be borrowed under this Act, or towards the discharge of any loan, or otherwise for any purpose for which capital money may be applied by the Water Board.

Arbitration.

23. — (I) For the purpose of arbitrations under this Act, a Provisions Court of Arbitration shall be constituted consisting of three com- astoarbi-missioners, and the Right Honourable Sir Edward Fry, Sir Hugh trfttion* Owen, G.C.B., and Sir John Wolfe Barry, K.C.B., shall be the commissioners.

(2) If any vacancy in the Court of Arbitration occurs by reason of death, resignation, or incapacity, or otherwise, the Lord Chief Justice of England shall appoint a person to fill the vacancy, and so from time to time, as occasion requires.

(3) The Court of Arbitration may appoint or employ such number of officers and persons as they may think necessary for the purpose of assisting in the execution of their duties under this Act, and may remove any officer or person so appointed or employed, and, for the purpose of obtaining any information which the Court may require, may direct any commissioner or any

108 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7-

such officer or person to hold an inquiry. But nothing in this Act shall authorise the commissioners to delegate any of their > judicial duties as arbitrators.

(4) There shall be paid to the commissioners, and to any officer or person appointed or employed under this section, such salaries or other remuneration as the Local Government Board may assign, and that remuneration, and all expenses of the Court of Arbitration incurred with the sanction of the Local Government Board in the execution of this Act, shall be paid by the Water Board.

(5) Subject to the provisions of this section, the authority of the Court of Arbitration shall extend to the settlement and the determination by them, on such terms and in such manner as is most just and fit, of the matters referred to them, and also of all such matters and questions (including any adjustment of accounts between the parties to the arbitration) as are, in their judgment, incidental thereto or consequential thereon, to the end that their award or awards may effect a final and equitable settlement.

(6) Every award, order and other instrument made by or proceeding from the Court of Arbitration under this Act shall be binding and conclusive to and for all intents and purposes, and shall have the like effect as if it had been made by a Judge of the High Court, and shall 'be acted on, obeyed, executed and enforced accordingly.

The Court may make one or more awards dealing with the matters referred to them.

The Court of Arbitration may state their award, or any part thereof, in the form of a special case for determination by the Court of Appeal, and may, at any stage of the proceedings at an arbitration, and shall, if so directed by the Court of Appeal, state, in the form of a special case, for determination by the Court of Appeal, any question of law arising in the course of the arbitration, and an appeal shall, with the leave of the Court of Appeal but not otherwise, lie from the Court of Appeal to the House of Lords; but, subject to any order made by the House of Lords in accordance with the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876, every such appeal shall be brought within two months after the decision appealed against is pronounced by the Court of Appeal, if the House of Lords is then sitting, or, if not, within fourteen days after the House of Lords next sits. The Court of Arbitration shall act in accordance with the decision arrived at in any such case.

(7) The Court of Arbitration may act by two of their number, and notwithstanding any vacancy in their number. Subject as aforesaid, the Court may regulate their own procedure and the procedure at an inquiry held under this section.

(8) In fixing the sum to be paid by the Water Board as hereinbefore provided, the Court of Arbitration shall determine the value of the undertaking of each metropolitan water company, as if, with the necessary modifications, the law of compensation for the purposes of the Lands Clauses Acts were applicable to the case: Provided that the Court shall not make any allowance for compulsory sale, and shall not take into account any enhancement or depreciation of the market value of any stock or shares of the

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 109

Company, which, in the opinion of the Court, was caused by, or resulted from, the passing or the anticipation of the passing of this Act; but the Court may make such allowance as they think just for recoupment of any loss of interest pending re-investment, as well as for the cost of re-investment, and for covering any costs, charges and expenses (other than costs incurred in any arbitration under this Act) which have been, or are likely to be, incurred, in consequence of the passing of this Act, by any metropolitan water company or the shareholders or stockholders therein, and which ought, in the opinion of the Court, to be borne by the Water Board.

(9) The costs of any metropolitan water company incurred in an arbitration under this Act shall, except and so far as the Court of Arbitration otherwise determine, be borne by the Water Board, and the costs of any other person attending an arbitration under this Act shall be in the discretion of the Court of Arbitration, and that Court may order the taxation of any costs in such manner and on such scale or principle as they may think fit. And the costs of and incidental to any proceedings in the Court of Appeal, and the statement of a case under this section, shall be in the discretion of the Court of Appeal.

(10) The provisions of the Arbitration Act, 1889, relating to —

(a) The administration of oaths and the taking of affirmations and

(b) The correction in an award of mistakes and errors; and

(c) The summoning, attendance and examination of witnesses and the production of documents; and

(d) False evidence

shall apply to arbitrations under this Act and also (except with regard to the correction of mistakes and errors in awards) to inquiries held under this section; but, save as aforesaid, the Arbitration Act, 1889, shall not apply to arbitrations under this Act.

(11) The Court of Arbitration shall commence their sittings within nine months after the passing of this Act, and shall proceed with the arbitrations so as to make, as far as possible, all. their awards before the appointed day.

Miscellaneous.

24. — (1) The Water Board shall, for the purposes of their Subsidiary powers and duties under this Act or otherwise with respect to the ^y^te^Board’supply of water within the limits of supply, have power — aer oar *J

(a) to manage, alter, enlarge and, with the consent of the Local Government Board, to alienate, any land or buildings ' transferred to them under this Act, or otherwise vested in the Water Board; and (b) to acquire, hire, erect and furnish such buildings and offices as they may require, whether within or without the limits of supply, and for that purpose to acquire purchase or take on hire or exchange land: Provided that nothing in this section shall authorise or empower the Board to acquire any

110 Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7

Provisions for securing the supply of pure and wholesome water.

Power of the Local Government Board to make provisional orders for certain purposes.

Ch. 41.

waterworks or wells, or to use any lands or any easements or any rights in or over lands acquired under the powers of this section, for the purpose of obtaining water for public supply; and

(c) to promote or oppose any Bill in Parliament and prosecute or defend legal proceedings.

(2) For the purposes of this section, sections one hundred and seventy-six, one hundred and seventy-seven and one hundred and seventy-eight of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall, except so far as they relate to the acquisition of land otherwise than by agreement, apply as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to the Water Board.

(3) The clerk of the Water Board, or any officer or member thereof acting under a general or special resolution of the Board, may authorise the institution and carrying on or the defence of any proceeding which the Board are authorised to institute, carry on, or defend. Any information or complaint under the provisions of this Act or any other Act, whether local or general, applying to the undertakings of the metropolitan water companies or of the Water Board, or any byelaws or regulations made thereunder, may be laid or made by an officer or member of the Water Board or by the clerk.

(4) The Superannuation (Metropolis) Act, 186(5, shall apply to the Water Board as if the Board were an authority mentioned in that Act.

25. — (1) The Water Board shall cause to be made chemical and bacteriological examinations of, and experiments as to the condition of, the water to be supplied by them.

(2) The Water Board shall supply such buildings, apparatus and plant and such staff and construct such works as may be required for enabling such examinations and experiments to be conducted efficiently.

(3) The persons employed by the Water Board to make examinations and experiments under this section shall periodically report to the Water Board the result of their examinations and experiments, and a copy of the report shall, at the same time, be sent to the water examiner.

(4) The Water Board shall take and record such observations as may be required by the Local Government Board.

(5) The water examiner shall, at all reasonable times, have free access to the works of the Water Board for the purpose of inspecting those works, and shall have all proper facilities for making such inspection.

26. — (1) If at any time, by reason of the variation of population or the constitution or inclusion within the limits of supply of any borough or urban district, it is proved, to the satisfaction of the Local Government Board, that the representation on the Water Board of any borough or district ought to be varied, or that any borough or urban district within the limits of supply ought to be represented on the Water Board, the Local Government Board

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 111

may make an order altering the representation of boroughs and urban districts and may, by any such order, alter the total number of members of the Board.

(2) The Local Government Board may, by order on the application of the Water Board, include within the limits of supply any district which, having, as a rural district or as a part thereof, ceased to be within the limits of supply, has subsequently been made an urban district

(3) The Local Government Board may by order make such adaptations in the provisions of any general or local Act relating to the metropolitan water companies, or any of them, as may be necessary in consequence of the passing of this Act.

(4) An order under this section may contain any incidental, consequential or supplemental provisions which may appear to be necessary or proper for the purposes of the order, but shall be provisional only, and shall not have effect unless confirmed by Parliament; and sections two hundred and ninety-seven and two hundred and ninety-eight of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to provisional orders under this section, in like manner as they apply to provisional orders authorised to be made by the Local Government Board under that Act.

27. — (1) The Local Government Board may hold such local Provisions inquiries as they think fit in relation to any matters to which "to.1.ocal their sanction, approval or consent is required by this Act, and in inquiries' relation to any other matters connected with their powers and duties under this Act.

(2) The expenses incurred by the Local Government Board in respect of any such inquiries and any other proceedings for the purposes of this Act shall be paid by the Water Board, or by such authorities and persons, and out of such funds and rates, as the Local Government Board may by order direct; and that Board may certify the amount of the expenses so incurred, and any sum so certified and directed by that Board to be paid by the Water Board or by any authority or person shall be a debt from the Water Board, or from that authority or person, to the Crown.

(3) Such expenses may include the salary of any inspector or officer of the Local Government Board engaged in the inquiry or proceeding, not exceeding three guineas a day.

(4) The Local Government Board and their inspectors appointed by them to hold such inquiry as aforesaid shall have, for the purposes of the inquiry the same powers as they respectively have for the purposes of an inquiry under the Public Health Act, 1875.

28. The Water Board shall make to the Local Government Annual Board an annual report of their proceedings, and this report shall report’ be laid annually before Parliament by the Local Government Board. The Water Board shall also give to the Local Government Board such returns, statistics and information, with respect to the exercise of the powers of the Water Board, as the Local Government Board may require.

112 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Dissolution of water companies.

Provision as to qualification of justices.

Saving of right of authorities to be heard against Bills.

Saving for the Colne Valley Water Company.

Saving for the South West Suburban Water Company.

Saving for the Sutton District Water Company.

29. — (1) As soon as the compensation due to any metropolitan water company shall have been duly paid or satisfied to such company in accordance with this Act, the company shall enter upon a liquidation of its affairs, and, upon the conclusion thereof, be dissolved in manner provided with respect to the company in the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

This subsection shall not apply to the New River Company or to the Staines Reservoirs Joint Committee.

(2) The several provisions and powers contained in the several special Acts of the metropolitan water companies shall remain and be of full force as regards the companies respectively, so far as the same are necessary or required for the purposes of any company up to and until the dissolution thereof:

Provided always that it shall not be obligatory to fill up any vacancy in the office of director occurring after the appointed day, and it shall be lawful for the continuing directors, for the time being, of each company to exercise all powers of directors up to and until the dissolution of the company.

30. A justice of the peace shall not be incapable of acting in any case in which the Water Board are a party by reason only that, as a ratepayer, water consumer or holder of water stock or debenture stock, or as one of any other class of persons, he is liable to contribute to, or to be benefited by, the water fund.

Savings.

31. Nothing in this Act shall affect the right of any council or other authority represented on the Water Board to be heard against any Bill or Provisional Order promoted or applied for by the Water Board.

32. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Water Board, without the authority of Parliament, to supply water in that part of the parish of Hendon which, under the Colne Valley Water Act, 1873, is within the limits of supply of the Colne Valley Water Company.

33. Nothing contained iD, or done under, this Act shall prejudice or affect any agreement between the South West Suburban Water Company and any metropolitan water company or any local authority or person, made prior to the passing of this Act, for a supply of water within the statutory district of the South West Suburban Water Company, or shall authorise the Water Board to supply water within the limits of supply of the South West Suburban Water Company, as defined by section four of the South West Suburban Water Act, 1883, except in pursuance of any such agreement.

34. The provisions of this Act shall not empower the Water Board or any local authority to supply water within the limits for the supply of water of the Sutton District Water Company, as defined by the Sutton District Waterworks Act, 1871, except so much thereof as was on the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 133

nine hundred and two supplied by the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks.

35. — (1) The Water Board shall not be entitled to supply water Saving for within so much of the urban district of Enfield as is comprised within the statutory limits of the Barnet District Gas and Water an<i water Company for the supply of water, but this restriction shall apply Company, only if, and so long as, that company are able and willing to supply

water proper and sufficient for all reasonable purposes for which it is required by the Enfield Urban District Council; and the provisions as to the settlement of differences under section fifty-two of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply.

(2) The provisions of this Act shall not empower the Water Board to supply water (unless with the consent of the Barnet District Gas and Water Company) within any part of the statutory limits of that company for the supply of water in which a metropolitan water company were not authorised to supply water, except to such premises as, at the appointed day, may be actually supplied by the New River Company.

36. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, it shall not be Saving for the lawful for the Water Board to extend their supply of water, whether in bulk or otherwise, to or within so much of the Romford company.8 Rural District as is comprised within the statutory limits of the

South Essex Waterworks Company, but this restriction shall apply only if, and so long as, that company are able and willing to supply water proper and sufficient for all reasonable purposes for which it is required by the Romford Rural District Council; and the provisions relating to the settlement of differences under section fifty-two of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply.

[Short Title.]

Definitions: Repeal:

37. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — Definitions.

The expression "constituent authority" means a council, group of councils or other body entitled to appoint one or more members of the Water Board:

The expression "undertaking" includes, in the case of any metropolitan water company, all rights of taking, distributing and supplying water, and all other their rights, powers, authorities and privileges, and all such property, real and personal, including cash balances, reserve funds, investments and all other interests and rights in, to and out of the property, real and personal, and obligations and things in action as may be in the possession of the company, or belonging to them, immediately before the appointed day, and all books, accounts and documents relating thereto, but subject to all debts, liabilities and obligations of the company by this Act transferred to the Water Board:

The expression "appointed day" means the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand nine hundred and four, or such, other day as the Local Government Board may appoint,

114 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Repeal.

[Short title.]

Maintenance of undertakings till appointed day.

either generally or with reference to any particular provision of this Act, and different days may be appointed for different purposes and different provisions of this Act, whether contained in the same section or in different sections, or for different authorities or different metropolitan water companies; but no day earlier than the said twenty-fourth day of June shall be appointed as respects any metropolitan water company, except with the consent of that company and the Water Board:

The expression "water consumer" means any person who is supplied with water by the Water Board, or who pays, or is liable to pay, any money charged by that Board for or in respect of the supply of water, whether under the name of rent, rate or otherwise:

The expression "debenture stock" means any debenture stock or debentures, the liability for which is transferred by this Act to the Water Board:

The expression "mortgage debt" means any debt secured by bond or otherwise, the liability for which is transferred by this Act to the Water Board:

The expression "shareholder" includes, in the case of the New River Company, the owners of, and persons interested in, the thirty-sixth parts or shares in the Adventurers moiety of the undertaking of the New River Company and the thirty-sixth parts or shares in the King’s moiety of that undertaking.

38. The enactments mentioned in the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall, as from the appointed day, be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

39. This Act may be cited as the Metropolis Water Act, 1902.

Transitory Provisions.

40. — (1) Until the appointed day, the undertaking of each metropolitan water company shall be maintained and carried on by the company as heretofore in the ordinary course of business; but, if the Water Board think that any appointment to any office or service of the company, or any contract with respect to any matter connected with the undertaking, or any alteration in the rate of salary or wages payable to any officer or servant of the company, made by the company subsequently to the introduction of the Bill for this Act, was not reasonably necessary in the ordinary course of business of the company, they may give notice in writing to the company to that effect within three months after the appointed day:

Provided that, if the Water Board give any such notice, it shall be referred to the Court of Arbitration under this Act to determine whether or not the appointment, contract or alteration was reasonably necessary in the ordinary course of the business of the company, and that court shall determine whether and to what extent, as between the Water Board and the company, any liability

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 115

arising in respect thereto is to be transferred to the Water Board, or is to continue as a liability of the company.

(2) The accounts and balance sheet of each of the metropolitan water companies, up to the appointed day, shall be made up and audited in like manner and with the like incidents and consequences, as nearly as may be, as if this Act had not been passed, but as soon as practicable after "the appointed day; and for that purpose the provisions of the Metropolis Water Act, 1871, relating to the auditor and the audit of the accounts of the companies, shall, notwithstanding any repeal by this Act, continue to apply; and the balance shown on the certified accounts, representing profits available for immediate distribution as dividend and legally distributable as such, shall, in the case of each of such* companies, be thereupon paid over by the Water Board to that company; and the accounts and balance sheet of each such company, after the appointed day, shall be audited by auditors appointed by the company.

(3) In determining the compensation for the transfer of the undertaking of a company, the sum payable to the company under this section shall not be valued as forming part of the undertaking.

41. — (1) For the purpose of enabling the metropolitan water companies to prepare and conduct their cases for arbitration under this Act, and to enter into agreements with the Water Board, and to discharge their liabilities, and generally to carry on the business of the companies, and to wind up their affairs and dissolve the companies —

Provisions for enabling companies to carry on the business, &c. after the

(a) Any such company may, after the appointed day, temporarily retain for their own use such money, offices, books, accounts and documents, and the services of such officers and servants, as may be agreed upon between the Water Board and the company or, failing agreement, be determined by the Local Government Board; and

(b) Any officer of, and any other person authorised in that behalf by, any such company shall have free access to all the works transferred to the Water Board from the company for the purpose of inspecting those works, and to all books, accounts and documents of the company in the possession of the Water Board, for the purpose of inspecting, copying and making extracts from the same, and shall have all proper facilities for the purposes aforesaid; and

(c) There shall be paid by the Water Board to each such company from time to time, on account of the sum ultimately found to be due to the company from the Board, such sums as may be agreed upon between the Board and the company or, failing agreement, as may be determined by the Local Government Board.

(2) It shall be at the option of the Local Government Board to determine any matter, which by this section they are authorised to determine, as arbitrators or otherwise, and, if they elect to determine the matter as arbitrators, the provisions of the Regu- si & 32 Vict, lation of Railways Act, 1868, respecting arbitrations by the Board c. 119.

116 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Inspection of works, &c. of companies.

Payment of dividends to companies till discharge of compensation.

of Trade'; and the enactments amending those provisions, shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to the Local Government Board and the determination of matters under this section.

42. Any person authorised in that behalf by the Water Board shall have free access to the works of any metropolitan water company, for the purpose of inspecting those works, and to all books, accounts and documents in the possession of the company (other than documents prepared for the purpose of an agreement or arbitration under this Act), for the purpose of inspecting, copying and making extracts from the sime, and shall have all proper facilities for the purposes aforesaid.

43. — (1) The Water Board shall, from and after the appointed day, pay by way of interest on purchase money to each metropolitan water company half-yearly, until the compensation under this Act is paid or satisfied to such company, a sum of money equal to the dividend on the ordinary and preference capital of the company, calculated on the average rate of dividend paid thereon respectively in respect of the two half years preceding the publication of the notice for the Bill for this Act, together with, in respect of the reasonable expectations of increasing dividends (if any), such additional sums (if any) as may be agreed on or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by arbitration under this Act; such sum shall and may be treated by the companies respectively as profits available for dividend between the shareholders, as if this Act had not been passed, and may be distributed or dealt with accordingly.

Provided that —

(a) if the amount payable in any year under this section to any company exceeds the amount which, by reason of any limitation on the dividend of that company, would have been distributable as dividend if this Act had not been passed, the excess shall not be paid to the company; and (b) if any instalment of such compensation as aforesaid is, in pursuance of an interim award of the Court of Arbitration, paid or satisfied to the company, the sums payable under this section shall, as from the date of payment or satisfaction, be reduced by such an amount-as may be specified in the interim award.

(2) The payments under this section shall, until the compensation as aforesaid under this Act is paid or satisfied, be payable by the Water Board at the dates on which the dividend on the ordinary and preference Capital would have been distributable by the company.

Provided that if, on the date at which any such sum is payable to a company, it has not been determined whether any or what additional sum is payable to the company, the additional sum (if any) shall be paid as soon as the amount thereof has been so determined.

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 117

(3) In this section the expression "ordinary and preference capital" means, in the case of each company, all the capital of the company in stock or shares, whether ordinary or preference, as the case may be, existing on the appointed day, and includes also, in the case of the New River Company, the shares of all the shareholders of that company.

44. — (1) With a view to supply funds to the Water Board immediately on their entering on the undertakings of the metropolitan water companies, the Water Board may obtain advances of such sums of money as they may require for meeting their obligations and carrying on their business, provided that the total amount so obtained shall not exceed five hundred thousand pounds, or such larger sum as the Local Government Board may sanction; and the sum so advanced shall be charged on the water fund; but it shall be the duty of the Water Board to repay any advance obtained under this section within five years from the date of obtaining the advance, and all interest thereon.

(2) The provisions of this Act as to borrowing and the repayment of money borrowed shall not apply to advances under this section.

45. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and without prejudice to any remedy over by the Water Board against any metropolitan water company —

(a) if on the appointed day any proceeding or any cause of action is pending or existing by or against any metropolitan water company, the same shall not abate, be discontinued or be in any way prejudicially affected by reason of the transfer to the Water Board of the undertaking of the company or of anything in this Act, but the proceeding or cause of action may be continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against the Water Board, as it might have been by or against the company if this Act had not been passed, but not further or otherwise; and

(b)all contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements and other instruments

subsisting immediately before the appointed day, and affecting any metropolitan water company, shall be of as full force and effect against or in favour of the Water Board, and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the company, the Water Board had been a party thereto.

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect any proceeding, cause of action, contract, deed, bond, agreement or other instrument relating solely to any landed estate, houses or property of the New River Company, or any debts, liabilities or obligations of the company incurred solely in respect thereof, which, under the provisions of this Act, are not transferred to the Water Board.

46. All byelaws, rules, regulations and scales of water charges made or enforceable by any metropolitan water company shall, so far as they are consistent with the provisions of this Act, continue in force with respect to the undertaking to which they relate, until repealed, altered or superseded.

Temporary-

advances.

Pending proceedings and existing contracts.

Saving for existing byelaws, &c.

118 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Existing officers and servants.

47. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every officer and servant of a metropolitan water company employed upon or in connexion with the undertaking immediately before the appointed day (in this Act referred to as "an existing officer" and "an existing servant") shall, as from the appointed day, become an officer or servant of the Water Board, and shall hold his office or situation by the same tenure and upon like terms and conditions under the Water Board as he would have held the same under the company if this Act had not been passed, and, while performing the same duties, shall receive not less salary, wages or pay than he would have been entitled to if this Act had not been passed.

(2) Every existing officer and existing servant shall perform such duties in connexion with the water undertaking of the Water Board as they may be required to perform by the Board.

(3) The Water Board may abolish the office or situation of any existing officer or existing servant which they deem unnecessary, and any existing officer or existing servant required to perform duties such as are not analogous, or which are an unreasonable addition, to those which, as an officer or servant of the company, he was required to perform, may relinquish his office or service.

(4) Every existing officer or existing servant whose office is so abolished, or who so relinquishes his office or service as aforesaid, or who otherwise suffers any direct pecuniary loss in consequence of this Act, shall be entitled to be paid by the Water Board compensation for such pecuniary loss, regard being had to the conditions on which his appointment was made, the nature of his office or employment, the duration of his services, and any other circumstances affecting the case.

(5) Subject to the provisions of this section, the provisions contained in section one hundred and twenty of the Local Government Act, 1888, relating to compensation to existing officers, shall apply to any claim for compensation by an existing officer or an existing servant, with the substitution of references to the Water Board and water fund for references to the County Council and county fund.

(6) If, within a period of five years after the appointed day, the services of any existing officer or existing servant are dispensed with by the Water Board, because his services are not required, and not on account of misconduct or incapacity, or the salary of any such officer or servant is reduced on the ground that his duties have been diminished in consequence of the provisions of this Act, the officer or servant shall be deemed to have suffered direct pecuniary loss in consequence of this Act.

(7) Any person who, on the appointed day, is in receipt of a pension or other superannuation allowance from a metropolitan water company shall continue to receive from the Water Board the same pension or allowance, unless he is guilty of grave misconduct, and any question whether he has been guilty of such misconduct shall, in case of difference, be determined by the Local Government Board:

Provided that, if the Court of Arbitration, on the application of the Water Board, made within three months after the appointed

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 119

day, determine that a grant or increase of a pension or superannuation allowance made by a company after the date of the introduction of the Bill for this Act was not in accordance with the usual practice of the company with respect to granting and increasing pensions and allowances, the Water Board shall not be liable to pay the pension or allowance or increased pension or allowance to such extent as the court may determine.

(8) In computing the time of service of any existing officer or existing servant, for the purpose of determining the compensation to which he is entitled under this section, or of any annual allowance that may be awarded him by the Water Board under the provisions of the Superannuation (Metropolis) Act, 1866, as applied by this Act, the period during which he has been in the service of a metropolitan water company shall be included, and in the case of the following existing officers, viz., Isaac Adolphus Crookenden, the secretary, and William Booth Bryan, the engineer, of the East London Waterworks Company, Harry Wilkins, the secretary, and Thomas Farmer Parkes, the engineer, of the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks, who were appointed to their office as specially qualified persons at an age exceeding that at which public service ordinarily begins, there shall be added to the number of years during which he has actually served such number of years, not exceeding twenty, as the Water Board or (on appeal) the Treasury may think just. Any such appeal to the Treasury shall be made within three months after the decision of the Water Board. The salary, compensation or annual allowance to which James William Restler, the engineer of the Southwark and Yauxhall Water Company, may become entitled under this Act, shall be calculated on the basis of the average amount received by him during the five years next before the passing of this Act by way of emoluments, salary and percentage on the cost of new works. The compensation or annual allowance to which Walter Hunter, the engineer of the Grand Junction Waterworks Company, may become entitled under this Act, shall be two thirds of the average amounts received by him for salary and emoluments during the five years next before the passing of this Act.

(9) If Sir William Crookes and Professor James Dewar, or either of them, are or is, immediately before the appointed day, employed in making examinations of, and experiments as to the condition of, water on behalf of the metropolitan water companies, they or he shall, as from that date, be transferred to the Water Board, and shall, for the purpose of compensation, be deemed existing officers or an existing officer within the meaning of this section.

(10) Every existing officer or existing servant not entitled to compensation under this section, who becomes incapable of discharging the duties of his office with efficiency, by reason of permanent infirmity of mind or body, or who has attained the age of sixty years, or who, having been in the service of a metropolitan water company for a period of not less than five years, is dismissed by the Water Board on any ground other than misconduct, shall, upon his resigning or otherwise ceasing to

J 20

Ch. 41. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. 2 Edw.

Compensation to directors.

Compensation to auditor of complies accounts.

Trans tory provisions as to supply in bulk.

Power of Local Government Board to remove difficulties.

Provisions as to stamp duty on transfer

Costs of Act.

hold office, be entitled to a superannuation allowance upon the terms and conditions and according to the scale specified in the Superannuation (Metropolis) Act, 1866, as applied by this Act.

48. — (1) The Water Board shall pay to each of the metropolitan water companies, by way of compensation for the loss of office sustained by such of the directors of the company as were in office both at the date of the publication of the notice for the Bill for this Act and on the appointed day, such sum as may be agreed upon between the Water Board and the company, or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by an arbitrator appointed by the Local Government Board.

(2) The sum paid to any company under this section shall be distributed amongst the directors entitled to compensation in such proportions as those directors, or a majority of them, determine.

49. The Water Board shall pay to the auditor of the accounts of the metropolitan water companies such annual or other sum, by way of compensation for loss of office, as the Local Government Board may think just.

50. Until the quantity of water to be supplied to the council of a borough or urban district which under this Act ceases to be within the limits of supply has been determined in accordance with the provisions of this Act, the Water Board shall supply to each council such quantity as the council may require, not exceeding three hundred and fifty gallons per diem for each supply within the borough or urban district, as ascertained from the register of Supplies in existence at the appointed day; and the price to be paid for the water so supplied shall be a matter to be determined in accordance with the provisions of this Act relating to the price to be paid for water supplied in bulk to the council of a borough or district.

51. — (1) If any difficulty arises with respect to the establishment of the Water Board or to the appointment of the first members thereof or to the first meeting thereof, the Local Government Board may by order make any appointment or do anything which appears to them to be necessary or expedient for the proper establishment of the Water Board, and the proper holding of the first election and first meeting.

(2) Any such order may modify the provisions of this Act, so far as may appear to the Local Government Board necessary or expedient for carrying the order into effect.

52. Where the amount of the consideration for an undertaking transferred to the Water Board under thi3 Act is not ascertained before the appointed day, the date of the final ascertainment of that amount shall, for the purposes of section twelve of the Finance Act, 1895 (which relates to stamp duty on property vested by Act of Parliament), be treated as the date of vesting.

53. All costs, charges, and expenses preliminary to and of and incidental to the preparing, applying for, obtaining and passing of this Act, incurred by the Local Government Board, shall be repaid to that Board by the Water Board when established under this Act.

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 121

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Metropolitan Water Companies.

The Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London, commonly called the New River Company.

The East London Waterworks Company.

The Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company.

The Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks.

The Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks.

The Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks.

The Grand Junction Waterworks Company.

The Company of Proprietors of the Kent Waterworks.

The Staines Reservoirs Joint Committee.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Description of the Limits of Supply.

The parishes and places in which at the appointed day any of the metropolitan water companies are authorised to supply water, and the parishes of Sunbury and Chessington.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Constitution and Proceedings of Water Board.

1. The chairman or vice-chairman need not be appointed from amongst the members of the Water Board, but, if a member of the Board is appointed chairman or vice-chairman, the appointment shall not create a casual vacancy.

2. A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being a member of the Water Board if he —

(a) holds any paid office under the Water Board save as permitted by this Act; or

(b) is concerned in any bargain or contract entered into with the Water Board, or participates in the profit of any such bargain or contract or of any work done under the authority of the Board:

Provided that a person shall not be disqualified for being appointed or being a member of the Board by reason of being interested —

(a) in the sale or lease of any lands or in any loan of money to the Board, or in any contract with the Board for the supply, from land of which he is owner or occupier, of water, or materials for work done by, or under the authority of, the Board; or

(b) in any newspaper in which any advertisement relating to the affairs of the Board is inserted; or

(c) in any bargain or contract with the Board as a shareholder in any company; but he shall not vote at any meeting of the Board on any question in which such company are interested.

3. A director of a metropolitan water company shall, until the compensation payable to the company is determined, be disqualified from being appointed or being a member of the Water Board.

4. If a person appointed to be a member of the Water Board is a member of the Council or one of the Councils by whom he is appointed, he shall, if he ceases for two mouths to be a member of that Council, at the end of that period vacate his office as member of the Water Board.

5. The member appointed by the Conservators of the River Thames shall be a Conservator appointed by the county councils of Gloucestershire

122 Ch. 41.

Metropolis Water , 1902.

2 Edw.

and Wiltshire, or by the county councils of Oxfordshire, Berkshire or Buckinghamshire, or by the council of the county borough of Oxford or Beading.

6. The members of the Water Board appointed by the Conservators of the JRiver Thames and the Lee Conservancy Board shall not vote or act in respect of any question arising before the Water Board as regards the transfer of any undertaking to the Water Board under this Act.

7. A person shall be disqualified for being a member of the Board if he is convicted, either on indictment or summarily, of any crime, and sentenced to imprisonment with hard labour without the option of a fine, or to any greater punishment, or is adjudged bankrupt, or makes a composition or arrangement with his creditors.

8. A member appointed by a constituent authority consisting of a group of councils shall be appointed by those councils acting through a joint committee.

9. Subject to any variation of representation according to the provisions of this Act, the joint committees for appointing members of the Water Board shall be constituted as follows: —

(i) The - joint committee of the councils of the urban districts of Buckhurst Hill, Chingford, Loughton, Waltham Holy Cross, Wanstead and Woodford shall consist of twelve members, of whom one shall be appointed by each of the councils of the urban districts of Buckhurst Hill, Chingford and Loughton, two by the council of the urban district of Waltham Holy Cross, three by the council of the urban district of Wanstead and four by the council of the urban district of Woodford.

(ii) The joint committee of the councils of the urban districts of Beckenham, Bromley, Chislehurst, Penge, Bexley, Dartford, Erith ami Footscray shall consist of twenty members, of whom four shall be appointed by each of the councils of the urban districts of Beckenham and Bromley, three by each of the councils of the urban districts of Erith and Penge, two by each of the councils of the urban districts of Bexley and Dartford and one by each of the councils of the urban districts of Chislehurst and Footscray.

(iii) The joint committee of the councils of the borough of Ealing and of the urban districts of Acton and Chiswick shall consist of eight members, of whom three shall be appointed by the council of the borough of Ealing, three by the council of the urban district of Acton and two by the council of the urban district of Chiswick.

(iv) The joint committee of the councils of the urban districts of Brentford, Hampton, Hampton Wick, Hanwell, Heston and Isle-worth, Sunbury, Teddington and Twickenham shall consist of twenty-one members, of whom one shall l?e appointed by each of the councils of the urban districts of Hamptbn Wick and Sunbury, two by each of the councils of the urban districts of Hampton and Hanwell, three by each of the councils of the urban districts of Brentford and Teddington, four by the council of the urban district of Twickenham and five by the council of the urban district of Heston and Isleworth.

(v) The joint committee of the councils of the urban districts of Edmonton, Enfield and Southgate shall consist of five members, of whom two shall be appointed by each of the councils of the urban districts of Edmonton and Enfield and one by the council of the urban district of Southgate.

(vi) The joint committee of the councils of the urban districts of Hornsey and Wood Green shall consist of seven members, of whom five shall be appointed by the council of the urban district of Hornsey and two by the council of the urban district of Wood Green.

1902.

Metropolis Water, 1902. Ch. 41. 123

(vii) The joint committee of the councils of the borough of Kingston and the urban districts of East and West Molesey, Esher and the Dittons, Ham, Surbiton, Barnes, the Maidens and Coombe and Wimbledon shall consist of thirty-three members, of whom seven shall be appointed by the council of the borough of Kingston, ten by the council of the urban district of Wimbledon, four by each of the councils of the urban districts of Barnes and Surbiton, three by the council of the urban district of Esher and the Dittons, two by each of the councils of the urban districts of East and West Molesey and the Maidens and Coombe and one by the council of the urban district of Ham.

10. A joint committee may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the committee and notwithstanding that a council is wholly unrepresented thereon.

11. The Local Government Board may make regulations as to the constitution, term of office, quorum, proceedings, officers and place of meeting of a joint committee.

12. Subject to the provisions of this schedule, the term of office of chairman and of vice-chairman shall be three years and the term of office of a member of the Board shall be three years.

13. On the first day of June one thousand nine hundred and seven and on the first day of June in every third year thereafter, all the members of the Board shall go out of office, and their places shall be filled by new appointments, to be made at such time as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Local Government Board; but a person going out of office may, if otherwise qualified, be re-appointed.

14. The first business at the first meeting of the Water Board after the first day of June one thousand nine hundred and seven, and at the first meeting after the first day of June in every third year thereafter, shall be the new appointment of a chairman and vice-chairman; but a person going out of office may, if otherwise qualified, be re-appointed, and a chairman or vice-chairman shall continue in office until his successor is appointed.

15. If a member of the Water Board is absent from meetings of the Board for more than six months consecutively, except for some reason approved by the Water Board, he shall, on the expiration of those months, vacate his office and shall also, if he is the chairman or vice-chairman, vacate his office as chairman or vice-chairman.

16. Where the chairman or vice-chairman or a member of the Water Board becomes disqualified for holding office or vacates his office from absence, or otherwise, the Board shall forthwith declare the office to be vacant and shall notify the fact in such manner as they think fit, and thereupon the office shall become vacant.

17. On a casual vacancy occurring in the Water Board by reason of the death, resignation, disqualification or absence of a member, or otherwise, the constituent authority by whom that member was appointed shall appoint another person in his place; and the person so appointed shall hold office until the time when the person in whose place he is appointed would have regularly gone out of office, and shall then go out of office.

18. On a vacancy occurring or being about to occur in the Water Board, the clerk of the Water Board shall immediately give notice of the vacancy to the constituent authority by which the vacancy is to be filled and, on a person being appointed a member of the Water Board, the appointing authority shall forthwith give notice of the appointment to the Water Board or, in the case of a first appointment, to the Local Government Board.

19. On a casual vacancy occurring in the office of chairman or vice-chairman of the Water Board by reason of the death, resignation, disqualification or absence of the chairman or vice-chairman, or otherwise, the person appointed in his place shall hold office until the time when the

124 Ch. 41. Metropolis Water 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

person in whose place he is. appointed would regularly have gone out of office, and shall then go out of office.

20. At every meeting of the Water Board the chairman, if present, shall preside. If the chairman is absent, the vice-chairman, if present, shall preside. If both the chairman and vice*chairman are absent, such member of the Board as the members then present choose shall preside.

21. Subject to the provisions of this Act, every question at a meeting of the Water Board shall be decided by a majority of votes of the members present and voting on that question, and, in the case of equality of votes, the person presiding at the meeting shall have a second or casting vote.

22. The quorum of the Water Board shall be one-third of the whole number of the Board.

23. The Water Board may appoint, out of their own body, such and so many committees, either of a general or special nature, and consisting of such number of persons as they think fit, for any purposes which, in the opinion of the Board, would be better regulated and managed by means of committees, and may delegate, with or without any restrictions or conditions, as they may think fit, any of their powers or duties, except any power of raising money, to any committee of the Board so appointed, and the provisions of section eighty-two of the Local Government Act, 1888, with respect to proceedings of committees of county councils, shall apply to committees of the Water Board, as if they were committees of a county council.

24. A minute of the proceedings of the Water Board, or of a committee thereof, signed at the same or the next ensuing meeting by a member of the Board describing himself as, or appearing to be, chairman of the meeting at which the minute is signed, shall be received in evidence without further proof.

25. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting, in respect of the proceedings whereof a minute has been so made, shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held, and all the members of the meeting shall be deemed to have been duly qualified; and, where the proceedings are proceedings of a committee, the committee shall be deemed to have been duly constituted and to have had power to deal with the matter referred to in the minutes.

26. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Water Board may regulate their own procedure.

27. No act or proceeding of the Water Board shall be questioned on account of any vacancy in their body or on account of the appointment of any member having been defective.

28. The Local Government Board shall take such steps as may be necessary for constituting the Water Board as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, and for summoning the first meeting of the Water Board and regulating the proceedings thereat, and all authorities and persons shall comply with any instructions isaued by the Local Government Board for that purpose, and any expenses incurred by the Local Government Board for the purpose aforesaid shall be repaid to that Board by the Water Board when established.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

1. Within three months after the ascertainment of any compensation to which a metropolitan water company become entitled under this Act, in consideration for the transfer of their undertaking, the directors of the company shall prepare a scheme for the application and distribution thereof. Any such scheme shall provide for the payment and discharge of any liability which, under this Act, is to continue as a liability of the company, or is not otherwise provided for, and may provide for payment of any sum in consideration of loss of office or in recognition of any

1902. Metropolis Water Act, 1902. Ch. 41. 125

special services rendered to the company. The directors shall send by post a copy of the scheme to each shareholder (which term also includes a stockholder or proprietor) of the company, and, for the purposes of this section, the persons appearing as shareholders in the books of the company shall be deemed to be shareholders and of the class there appearing, and any document shall be sufficiently sent to any shareholder by being posted to him at his address as appearing in the books of the company.

If, within one month after the sending of the copies aforesaid, any shareholder or shareholders, the aggregate nominal value of whose shares (which term also includes stock) is not less than twenty thousand pounds, shall, by writing addressed to the secretary of the company, require that the scheme be submitted to a meeting of the shareholders, or (if there are more than one class of shareholders of the company) of the class to which such shareholder or shareholders belong, the directors shall forthwith summon such meeting accordingly, by giving not less than fourteen days* notice thereof by post to each shareholder of the company, or to each shareholder of the class concerned, as the case may be. If a majority in value of the shareholders, or of the shareholders of a particular class, as the case may be, by resolution passed at such meeting, dissent from such scheme, the directors shall forthwith submit the matter by petition to the Chancery Division of the High Court, and the court shall, after hearing all proper parties, make such order as to the application and distribution of the compensation to which the company are entitled under this Act as, under all the circumstances of the case, and having regard to the various interests of the parties and the nature of such interest, may be considered just and equitable. Any scheme not required to be submitted to a meeting of shareholders, or as to which no such resolution of dissent as aforesaid shall have been passed, and any order of court made hereunder, shall have effect as if the same were enacted by this Act, and shall be binding upon all persons affected thereby.

2. If any part of the compensation is to be discharged to a company in water stock, the Water Board shall, if so required by the company, before the stock is issued to the company, instead of issuing to the company the whole of the water stock to be so issued to them, issue the water stock to such amounts and to such persons as the company may require; and the issue of water stock in accordance with such requirements shall, to that extent, discharge the Water Board of their liability to issue water stock to the company.

If any part of such compensation is to be discharged in cash, the receipt in writing of three directors of the company for any sum in gross to be paid by the Water Board to the Company shall effectually discharge the Water Board from the sum expressed in such receipt to have been received and from being concerned to see to the application thereof and from being answerable or accountable for the loss, misapplication or non-application thereof.

3. Where any company are unable, after diligent inquiry, to find the person to whom any money is payable or water stock is issuable, or where any money or stock is payable or issuable to a person who or whose committee cannot give an effectual receipt for the same, such company may pay or transfer the same as nearly as may be in manner provided for payment of money into court by any Act for the time being in force for the relief of trustees, and such Act shall apply, with all necessary modifications, to such money or stock.

4. When such scheme has been completely carried out, and all such moneys or stock, if any, as in clause 3 of this schedule referred to, have been paid or transferred into court, the company may apply to the Board, of Trade, which, if satisfied that the said time has arrived, shall give a certificate to that effect and, upon publication of such certificate in the London Gazette, the company shall be dissolved.

12G Ch. 41 & 42. Metropolis Water, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 84. The Metropolis Water Act, 1852. Sections fifteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two and twenty-seven, so far as unrepealed.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 113. The Metropolis Water . Act, 1871. Sections thirty-seven to forty-two and section forty-seven from " or to authorise " to the end of the section.

47 & 48 Vict. c. cxli. Croydon Corporation Act, 1884. Sections eleven and twelve.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to make further provision with respect to Education in England and Wales.

[18th December 1902.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Local Education Authority.

Local 1. For the purposes of this Act, the council of every county and

education of every county borough shall be the local education authority:aut onties. Provided that the council of a borough with a population of

over ten thousand or of an urban district with a population of over twenty thousand shall, as respects that borough or district, be the local education authority for the purpose of Part III. of this Act, and for that purpose, as respects that borough or district, the expression "local education authority" means the council of that borough or district.

Part II.

Higher Education.

Power to aid higher education.

53 & 54 Vict. c .60.

2. — (1) The local education authority shall consider the educational needs of their area and take such steps as seem to them desirable, after consultation with the Board of Education, to supply or aid the supply of education other than elementary, and to promote the general co-ordination of all forms of education, and for that purpose shall apply all or so much as they deem necessary of the residue under section one of the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890, and shall carry forward for the

1902.

Education Act, 1902. Ch. 42,

12T

like purpose any balance thereof which may remain unexpended, and may spend such further sums as they think fit: Provided that the amount raised by the council of a county for the purpose in any year out of rates under this Act shall not exceed the amount which would be produced by a rate of twopence in the pound, or such higher rate as the county council, with the consent of the Local Government Board, may fix.

(2) A council, in exercising their powers under this Part of this Act, shall have regard to any existing supply of efficient schools or 52 & 53 Vict. colleges, and to any steps already taken for the purposes of higher c-76-education under the Technical Instruction Acts, 1889 and 1891. ^44 & 55 Vict *

3. The council of any non-county borough or urban district Concurrent shall have power, as well as the county council, to spend such sums powers of as they think fit for the purpose of supplying or aiding the supply ^uglis of education other than elementary: Provided that the amount and urban raised by the council of a non-county borough or urban district for districts, the purpose in any year out of rates under this Act shall not exceed the amount which would be produced by a rate of one penny in the pound.

4. — (1) A council, in the application of money under this Part Re igious of this Act, shall not require that any particular form of religious 108 ruction-instruction or worship or any religious catechism or formulary

which is distinctive of any particular denomination shall or shall not be taught, used or practised in any school, college or hostel aided but not provided by the council, and no pupil shall, on the ground of religious belief, be excluded from or placed in an inferior position in any school, college or hostel provided by the council, and no catechism or formulary distinctive of any particular religious denomination shall be taught in any school, college or hostel so provided, except in cases where the council, at the request of parents of scholars, at such times and under such conditions as the council think desirable, allow any religious instruction to be given in the school, college or hostel otherwise than at the cost of the council: Provided that, in the exercise of this power, no unfair preference shall be shown to any religious denomination.

(2) In a school or college receiving a grant from, or maintained by, a council under this Part of this Act,

(a) A scholar attending as a day or evening scholar shall not be required, as a condition of being admitted into or remaining in the school or college, to attend or abstain from attending any Sunday school, place of religious worship, religious observance or instruction in religious subjects in the school or college or elsewhere; and The times for religious worship or for any lesson on a religious subject shall be conveniently arranged for the purposb of allowing the withdrawal of any such scholar therefrom.

Part III.

Elementary Education.

5. The local education authority shall, throughout their area, Powers and have the powers and duties of a school board and school attendance elenwntw^ committee under the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 19^ education.

128 Ch. 42. Education Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Management of schools.

Maintenance of schools.

and any other Acts, including local Acts, and shall also be responsible for and have the control of all secular instruction in public elementary schools not provided by them; and school boards and school attendance committees shall be abolished.

6. — (1) All public elementary schools provided by the local education authority shall, where the local education authority are the council of a county, have a body of managers consisting of a number of managers not exceeding four appointed by that council, together with a number not exceeding two appointed by the minor local authority.

Where the local education authority are the council of a borough or urban district they may, if they think fit, appoint- for any school provided by them a body of managers consisting of such number of managers as they may determine.

(2) All public elementary schools not provided by the local education authority shall, in place of the existing managers, have a body of managers consisting of a number of foundation managers not exceeding four, appointed as provided by this Act, together with a number of managers not exceeding two, appointed —

(a) where the local education authority are the council of a county, one by that council and one by the minor local authority; and

(b) where the local education authority are the council of a borough or urban district, both by that authority.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in this section —

(a) Schools may be grouped under one body of managers in manner provided by this Act; and

(b) Where the local education authority consider that the circumstances of any school require a larger body of managers than that provided under this section, that authority may increase the total number of managers, so, however, that the number of each class of managers is proportionately increased.

7. — (1) The local education authority shall maintain and keep efficient all public elementary schools within their area which are necessary, and have the control of all expenditure required for that purpose, other than expenditure for which, under this Act, provision is to be made by the managers; but, in the case of a school not provided by them, only so long as the following conditions and provisions are complied with:—

I (a) The managers of the school shall cajTy out any directions of the local education authority as to the secular instruction to be given in the school, including any directions with respect to the number and educational qualifications of the teachers to be employed for such instruction, and for the dismissal of any teacher on educational grounds; and, if the managers fail to carry out any such direction, the local education authority shall, in addition to their other powers, have the power themselves to carry out the direction in question as if they were the managers; but no direction given under this provision shall be such as to interfere with reasonable facilities for religious instruction during school hours;

1902. Education Act, 1902. Ch. 42.

(b) The local education authority shall have power to inspect the school;

(c) The consent of the local education authority shall be required to the appointment of teachers, but that consent shall not be withheld except on educational grounds; and the consent of the authority shall also be required to the dismissal of a teacher, unless the dismissal be on grounds connected with the giving of religious instruction in the school;

(d) The managers of the school shall provide the school house free of any charge, except for the teacher’s dwelling-house (it* any), to the local education authority for use as a public elementary school, and shall, out of funds provided by them, keep the school house in good repair, and make such alterations and improvements in the buildings as may be reasonably required by the local education authority:Provided that such damage as the local authority consider to be due to fair wear and tear in the use of any room in the school house for the purpose of a public elementary school shall be made good by the local education authority;

(e) The managers of the school shall, if the local education authority have no suitable accommodation in schools provided by them, allow that authority to use any room in the school house out of school hours free of charge for any educational purpose, but this obligation shall not extend to more than three days in the week.

(2) The managers of a school maintained , but not provided by the local education authority, in respect of the use by them of the school furniture out of school hours, and the local education authority, in respect of the use by them of any room in the school house out of school hours, shall be liable to make good any damage caused to the furniture or the room, as the case may be, by reason of that use (other than damage arising from fair wear and tear); and the managers shall take care that, after the use of a room in the school house by them, the room is left in a proper condition for school purposes.

(3) If any question arises under this section between the local' education authority and the managers of a school not provided by the authority, that question shall be determined by the Board of Education.

(4) One of the conditions required to be fulfilled by an elementary school in order to obtain a parliamentary grant shall be that it is maintained under, and complies with, the provisions of this section.

(5) In public elementary schools maintained but not provided by the local education authority, assistant teachers and pupil teachers may be appointed, if it is thought fit, without reference to religious creed and denomination, and, in any case in which there are more candidates for the post of pupil teacher than there are places to be filled, the appointment shall be made by the local education authority, and they shall determine the respective qualifications of the candidates by examination or otherwise.

130 Ch. 42. Education Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Provision of new schools.

(6) Religious instruction given in a public elementary school not provided by the local education authority shall, as regards its character, be in accordance with the provisions (if any) of the trust deed relating thereto, and shall be under the control of the managers: Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect any provision in a trust deed for reference to the bishop or superior ecclesiastical or other denominational authority, so far as such provision gives to the bishop or authority the power of deciding whether the character of the religious instruction is or is not in accordance with the provisions of the trust deed.

(7) The managers of a school maintained but not provided by the local education authority shall have all powers of management required for the purpose of carrying out this Act, and shall (subject to the powers of the local education authority under this section) have the exclusive power of appointing and dismissing teachers.

8. — (1) Where the local education authority or any other persons propose to provide a new public elementary school, they shall give public notice of their intention to do so, and the managers of any existing school, or the local education authority (where they are not themselves the persons proposing to provide the school), or any ten ratepayers in the area for which it is proposed to provide the school, may, within three months after the notice is given, appeal to the Board of Education on the ground that the proposed school is not required, or that a school provided by the local education authority, or not so provided, as the case may be, is better suited to meet the wants of the district than the school proposed to be provided; and any school built in contravention of the decision of the Board of Education on such appeal shall be treated as unnecessary.

(2) If, in the opinion of the Board of Education, any enlargement of a public elementary school is such as to amount to the provision of a new school, that enlargement shall be so treated for the purposes of this section.

(3) Any transfer of a public elementary school to or from a local education authority shall, for the purposes of this section, be treated as the provision of a new school.

9. The Board of Education shall, without unnecessary delay, determine, in case of dispute, whether a school is necessary or not, and, in so determining, and also in deciding on any appeal as to the provision of a new school, shall have regard to the interest of secular instruction, to the wishes of parents as to the education of their children, and to the economy of the rates; but a school, for the time being recognised as a public elementary school, shall not be considered unnecessary, in which the number of scholars in average attendance, as computed by the Board of Education, is not less than thirty.

60 & s vict c B 10. — (1) In lieu of the grants under the Voluntary Schools Act,

38 & 34 Vict. c. 75. 1897, and under section ninety-seven of the Elementary Education 60 & 61 Vict. Act, 1870, as amended by the Elementary Education Act, 1897,

Necessity of schools.

1902. Education Act, 1902. Ch. 42. 131

there shall be annually paid to every local education authority, out of moneys provided by Parliament —

(a) a sum equal to four shillings per scholar; and

(b) an additional sum of three halfpence per scholar for every complete twopence per scholar by which the amount which would be produced by a penny rate on the area of the authority falls short of ten shillings a scholar: Provided that, in estimating the produce of a penny rate in the area of a local education authority not being a county borough, the rate shall be calculated upon the county rate basis, which, in cases where part only of a parish is situated in the area of the local education authority, shall be apportioned in such manner as the Board of Education think just.

But, if in any year the total amount of parliamentary grants pa3Table to a local education authority would make the amount payable out of other sources by that authority on account of their expenses under this Part of this Act less than the amount which would be produced by a rate of threepence in the pound, the parliamentary grants shall be decreased, and the amount payable out of other sources shall be increased, by a sum equal in each case to half the difference,

(2) For the purposes of this section, the number of scholars shall be taken to be the number of scholars in average attendance, as computed by the Board of Education, in public element *ry schools maintained by the authority.

11. — (1). The foundation managers of a school shall be Foundation managers appointed under the provisions of the trust deed of Managers, the school; but, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Board of Education that the provisions of the trust deed as to the appointment of managers are in any respect inconsistent with the provisions of this Act, or insufficient or inapplicable for the purpose, or that there is no such trust deed available, the Board of Education shall make an order under this section for the purpose of meeting the case.

(2) Any such order may be made on the application of the existing owners, trustees or managers of the school, made within a period of three months after the passing of this Act, and, after that period, on the application of the local education authority or any other person interested in the management of the school; and any such order, where it modifies the trust deed, shall have effect as part of the trust deed, and, where there is no trust deed, shall have effect as if it were contained in a trust deed.

(3) Notice of any such application, together with a copy of the draft final order proposed to be made thereon, shall be given by the Board of Education to the local education authority and the existing owners, trustees and managers and any other persons who appear to the Board of Education to be interested; and the final order shall not be made until six weeks after notice has been so given.

(4) In making an order under this section with regard to any school, the Board of Education shall have regard to the ownership of the school building and to the principles on which the education given in the school has been conducted in the past.

132 Ch. 42. Education Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Grouping of

under one management

Endowments.

(5) The Board of Education may, if they think that the circumstances of the case require it, make any interim order on any application under this section, to have temporary effect until the final order is made.

(6) The body of managers appointed under this Act for a public elementary school not provided by the local education authority shall be the managers of that school both for the purposes of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, and this Act, and, so far as respects the management of the school as a public elementary school, for the purpose of the trust deed.

(7) Where the receipt by a school, or the trustees or managers of a school, of any endowment or other benefit is, at the time of the passing of this Act, dependent on any qualification of the managers, the qualification of the foundation managers only shall, in case of question, be regarded.

(8) The Board of Education may, on the application of the managers of the school, the local education authority or any person appearing to them to be interested in the school, revoke, vary or amend any order made under this section by an order made in a similar manner; but, before making any such order, the draft thereof shall, as soon as may be, be laid before each House of Parliament; and, if within thirty days, being days on which Parliament has sat, after the draft has been so laid before Parliament, either House resolves that the draft, or any part thereof, should not be proceeded with, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, without prejudice to the making of any new draft order.

12. — (1) The local education authority may group under one body of managers any public elementary schools provided by them, and may also, with the consent of the managers of the schools, group under one body of managers any such schools not so provided.

(2) The body of managers of grouped schools shall consist of such number and be appointed in such manner and proportion as, in the case of schools provided by the local education authority, may be determined by that authority and, in the case of schools not so provided, may be agreed upon between the bodies of managers of the schools concerned and the local education authority or, in default of agreement, may be determined by the Board of Education.

(3) Where the local education authority are the council of a county, they shall make provision for the due representation of minor local authorities on the bodies of managers of schools grouped under their direction.

(4) Any arrangement for grouping schools not provided by the local education authority shall, unless previously determined by consent of the parties concerned, remain in force for a period of three years.

13. — (1) Nothing in this Act shall affect any endowment, or the discretion of any trustees in respect thereof: Provided that.

1902. Education Act, 1902. Ch. 42. 133

where, under the trusts or other provisions affecting any. endowment, the income thereof must be applied in whole or in part for those purposes of a public elementary school for which provision is to be made by the local education authority, the whole of the income or the part thereof, as the case may be, shall be paid to that authority; and, in case part only of such income must be so applied, and there is no provision under the said trusts or provisions for determining the amount which represents that part, that amount shall be determined, in case of difference between the parties concerned, by the Board of Education; but, if a public inquiry is demanded by the local education authority, the decision of the Board of Education shall not be given until after such an inquiry, of which ten days’ previous notice shall be given to the local education authority and to the minor local authority and to the trustees, shall have been first held by the Board of Education at the cost of the local education authority.

(2) Any money arising from an endowment, and paid to a county council for those, purposes of a public elemental school for which provision is to be made by the council, shall be credited by the council in aid of the rate levied for the purposes of this Part of this Act in the parish or parishes which, in the opinion of the council, are served by the school for the purposes of which the sum is paid, or, if the council so direct, shall be paid to the overseers of the parish or parishes in the proportions directed by the council, and applied by the overseers in aid of the poor rate levied in the parish.

14. Where, before the passing of this Act, fees have been charged Apportion-in any public elementary school not provided by the local educa- "kooffees tion authority, that authority shall, while they continue to allow

fees to be charged in respect of that school, pay such proportion of those fees as may be agreed upon, or, in default of agreement, determined by the Board of Education, to the managers.

15. The local education authority may maintain as a public Schools elementary school under the provisions of this Act, but shall not

be required so to maintain, any Marine school, or any school which is part of, or is held in the premises of, any institution in which children are boarded; but their refusal to maintain such a school shall not render the school incapable of receiving a parliamentary grant, nor shall the school, if not so maintained, be subject to the provisions of this Act as to the appointment of managers or as to control by the local education authority.

16. If the local education authority fail to fulfil any of their Power to duties under the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, or this ^Jerscnder Act, or fail to provide such additional public school accommoda- Elementary tion within the meaning of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, Education as is, in the opinion of the Board of Education, necessary in any ^c^‘34 Vict part of their area, the Board of Education may, after holding a c, 75. public inquiry, make such order as they think necessary or proper

for the purpose of compelling the authority to fulfil their duty, and any such order may be enforced by mandamus.

.134

Ch. 42.

Education Act, 1902.

2 Edw. 7

Part IV.

General.

Education

committees.

17. — (1) Any council having powers under this Act shall establish an education committee or education committees, constituted in accordance with a scheme made by the council and approved by the Board of Education: Provided that, if a council having powers under Part II. only of this Act determine that an education committee is unnecessary in their case, it shall not be obligatory on them to establish such a committee.

(2) All matters relating to the exercise by the council of their powers under this Act, except the power of raising a rate or borrowing money, shall stand referred to the education committee, and the council, before exercising any such powers, shall, unless in their opinion the matter is urgent, receive and consider the report of the education committee with respect to the matter in question. The council may also delegate to the education committee, with or without any restrictions or conditions, as they think fit, any of their powers under this Act, except the power of raising a rate or borrowing money.

(3) Every such scheme shall provide —

(a) for the appointment by the council of at least a majority of the committee, and the persons so appointed shall be persons who are members.of the council, unless, in the case of a county, the council shall otherwise determine;

(b) for the appointment by the council, on the nomination or recommendation, where it appears desirable, of other bodies (including associations of voluntary schools), of persons of experience in education and of persons acquainted with the needs of the various kinds of schools in the area for which the council acts;

(c) for the inclusion of women, as well as men, among the members of the committee;

(d) for the appointment, if desirable, of members of school boards, existing at the time of the passing of this Act, as members of the first committee.

(4) Any person shall be disqualified for being a member of an education committee, who, by reason of holding an office or place of profit, or having any share or interest in a contract or employment, is disqualified for being a member of the council appointing the education committee; but no such disqualification shall apply to a person by reason only of his holding office in a schuol or college aided, provided or maintained by the council.

(5) Any such scheme may, for all or any purposes of this Act, provide for the constitution of a separate education committee for any area within a county, or for a joint education committee for any area formed by a combination of counties, boroughs or urban districts, or of parts thereof. In the case of any such joint committee, it shall suffice that a majority of the members are appointed by the councils of any of the counties, boroughs or districts out of which, or parts of which, the area is formed.

1902. Education Act, 1902. Ch. 42. 135

(6) Before approving a scheme, the Board of Education shall take such measures as may appear expedient for the purpose of giving publicity to the provisions of the proposed scheme, and, before approving any scheme which provides for the appointment of more than one education committee, shall satisfy themselves that due regard is paid to the importance of the general co-ordination of all forms of education.

(7) If a scheme under this section has not been made by a council and approved by the Board of Education within twelve months after the passing of this Act, that Board may, subject to the provisions of this Act, make a provisional order for the purposes for which a scheme might have been made.

(8) Any scheme for establishing an education committee of the council of any county or county borough in Wales or of the county of Monmouth or county borough of Newport shall provide that the

county governing body constituted under the Welsh Intermediate 52 & 53 Vict. Education Act, 1889, for any such county or county borough shall c*40, cease to exist, and shall make such provision as appears necessary or expedient for the transfer of the powers, duties, property and liabilities of any such body to the local education authority under this Act, and for making the provisions of this section applicable to the exercise by the local education authority of the powers so transferred.

18. — (1) The expenses of a council under this Act shall, Expenses, so far as not otherwise provided for, be paid, in the case of the council of a county, out of the county fund and, in the case of the council of a borough, out of the borough fund or rate, or, if no borough rate is levied, out of a separate rate to be made, assessed and levied in like manner as the borough rate, and, in the case of the council of an urban district other than a borough, in manner provided by section thirty-three of the Elementary 39 & 40 Vict. Education Act, 1876, as respects the expenses mentioned in that c• 79, section:Provided that —

(a) the county council may, if they think fit (after giving reasonable notice to the overseers of the parish or parishes concerned), charge any expenses incurred by them under this Act, with respect to education other than elementary, on any parish or parishes which, in the opinion of the council, are served by the school or college in connexion with which the expenses have been incurred; and

(b) the county council shall not raise any sum on account of their expenses under Part III. of this Act within any borough or urban district the council of which is the local education authority for the purposes of that Part; and

(c) the county council shall charge such portion as they think fit, not being less than one-half or more than three-fourths, of any expenses incurred by them, in respect of capital expenditure or rent on account of the provision or improvement of any public elemental y school, on the parish or parishes which, in the opinion of the council, are served by the school; and

136 Ch. 42. Education Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

Borrowing.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

(d) the county council shall raise such portion as they think fit, not being less than one-half or more than three-fourths, of any expenses, incurred to meet the liabilities on account of loans or rent of any school board transferred to them, exclusively within the area which formed the school district in respect of which the liability was incurred, so far as it is within their area.

(2) All receipts in respect of any school maintained by a local education authority, including any parliamentary grant, but excluding sums specially applicable for purposes for which provision is to be made by the managers, shall be paid to that authority.

(3) Separate accounts shall be kept by the council of a borough of their receipts and expenditure under this Act, and those accounts shall be made up and audited in like manner, and subject to the same provisions, as the accounts of a county council, and the enactments relating to the audit of those accounts and to all matters incidental thereto and consequential thereon, including the penal provisions, shall apply in lieu of the provisions of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, relating to accounts and audit.

(4) Where, under any local Act, the expenses incurred in any borough for the purposes of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, are payable out of some fund or rate other than the borough fund or rate, the expenses of the council of that borough under this Act shall be payable out of that fund or rate instead of out of the borough fund or rate.

(5) Where any receipts or payments of money under this Act are entrusted by the local education authority to any education committee established under this Act, or to the managers of any public elementary school, the accounts of those receipts and payments shall be accounts of the local education authority; but the auditor of those accounts shall have the same powers with respect to managers as he would have if the managers were officers of the local education authority.

19. - (1) A council may borrow for the purposes of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, or this Act, in the case of a county council, as for the purposes of the Local Government Act, 1888, and, in the case of the council of a county borough, borough or urban district, as for the purposes of the Public Health Acts; but the money borrowed by a county borough, borough or urban district council shall be borrowed on the security of the fund or rate out of which the expenses of the council under this Act are payable.

(2) Money borrowed under this Act shall not be reckoned as part of the total debt of a county, for the purposes of section sixty-nine of the Local Government Act, 1888, or as part of the debt of a county borough, borough or urban district, for the purpose of the limitation on borrowing under subsections two and three of section two hundred and thirty-four of the Public Health Act, 1875.

1902. Education Act, 1902. Ch. 42. 137

20. An authority having powers under this Act — Arrangements

(a) may make arrangements with the council of any county, borough, district or parish, whether a local education authority or not, for the exercise by the council, on such terms and subject to such conditions as may be agreed on, of any powers of the authority in respect of the management of any school or college within the area of the council; and

(b) if the authority is the council of a non-county borough or urban district, may, at any time after the passing of this Act, by agreement with the council of the county, and with the approval of the Board of Education, relinquish in favour of the council of the county any of their powers and duties under this Act; and in that case the powers and duties of the authority so relinquished shall cease, and the area of the authority, if the powers and duties relinquished include powers as to elementary education, shall, as respects those powers, be part of the area of the county council.

21. — (1) Sections two hundred and ninety-seven and two Provisional

hundred and ninety-eight of the Public Health Act, 1875 (which orders and relate to provisional orders), shall apply to any provisional order Vict.

made under this Act, as if it were made under that Act; but c. 55. references to a local authority shall be construed as references to

the authority to whom the order relates, and references to the Local Government Board shall be construed as references to the Board of Education.

(2) Any- scheme or provisional order under this Act may contain such incidental or consequential provisions as may appear necessary or expedient.

(3) A scheme under this Act, when approved, shall have effect as if enacted in this Act, and any such scheme, or any provisional order made for the purposes of such a scheme, may be revoked or altered by a scheme made in like manner and having the same effect as an original scheme.

22. — (1) In this Act and in the Elementary Education Acts, Provision as

the expression "elementary school" shall not include any school to elementary carried on as an evening school under the regulations of the Board education1* of Education. powers

(2) The power to provide instruction under the Elementary respectively. Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, shall, except where those Acts expressly provide to the contrary, be limited to the provision in a

public elementary school of instruction given under the regulations of the Board of Education to scholars who, at the close of the school year, will not be more than sixteen years of age:Provided that the local education authority may, with the consent of the Board of Education, extend those limits in the case of any such school, if no suitable higher education is available within a reasonable distance of the school.

(3) The power to supply, or aid the supply of, education, other than elementary, includes a power to train teachers, and to supply, or aid the supply of, any education, except where that education is given at a public elementary school.

188 Ch. 42. Education Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Miscellaneous

provisions.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 42.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 73.

51 & 52 Vict, o. 41.

88 & 84 Vict. c. 75.

Interpretation.

23. — (1) The powers of a council under this Act shall include the provision of vehicles or the payment of reasonable travelling expenses for teachers or children attending school or college, whenever the council shall consider such provision or payment required by the circumstances of their area or of any part thereof.

(2) The power of a council to supply, or aid the supply of, education, other than elementary, shall include power to make provision for the purpose outside their area, in cases where they consider it expedient to do so in the interests of their area, and shall include power to provide or assist in providing scholarships for, and to pay or assist in paying the fees of, students ordinarily resident in the area of the council at schools or colleges or hostels within or without that area.

(3) The county councillors elected for an electoral division consisting wholly of a borough or urban district whose council are a local education authority for the purpose of Part III. of this Act, or of some part of such a borough or district, shall not vote in respect of any question arising before the county council which relates only to matters under Part III. of this Act.

(4) The amount which would be produced by any rate in the pound shall be estimated, for the purposes of this Act, in accordance with regulations made by the Local Government Board.

(5) The Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888, and so much of the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1891, as requires that land assured by will shall be sold within one year from the death of the testator, shall not apply to any assurance, within the meaning of the said Act of 1888, of land for the purpose of a school house for an elementary school.

(6) A woman is not disqualified, either by sex or marriage, for being on any body of managers or education committee under this Act.

(7) Teachers in a school maintained but not provided by the local education authority shall be in the same position, as respects disqualification for office as members of the authority, as teachers in a school provided by the authority.

(8) Population, for the purposes of this Act, shall be calculated according to the census of nineteen hundred and one.

(9) Subsections one and five of section eighty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888 (which relate to local inquiries), shall apply with respect to any order, consent, sanction or approval which the Local Government Board are authorised to make or give under this Act.

(10) The Board of Education may, if they think fit, hold a public inquiry for the purpose of the exercise of any of their powers or the performance of any of their duties under this Act, and section seventy-three of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, shall apply to any public inquiry so held or held under any other provision of this Act.

24. — (1) Unless the context otherwise requires, any expression to which a special meaning is attached in the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, shall have the same meaning in this Act.

(2) In this Act the expression "minor local authority" means, as respects any school, the council of any borough or urban district

1902. Education Act, 1902. Ch. 42. 139

or the parish council or (where there is no parish council) the parish meeting of any parish which appears to the county council to be served by the school. Where the school appears to the county council to serve the area of more than one minor local authority, the county council shall make such provision as they think proper for joint appointment of managers by the authorities concerned.

(3) In this Act the expressions "powers," "duties," "property" and "liabilities" shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the same meanings as in the Local Government Act, 1888. 51 & 52 Vict.

(4) In this Act the expression "college" includes any educational c*41 institution, whether residential or not.

(5) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the expression "trust deed" includes any instrument regulating the trusts or management of a school or college.

25. — (1) The provisions set out in the First and Second Provisions * as Schedules to this Act, relating to education committees and managers and to the transfer of property and officers and application of adjustment, shall have effect for the purpose of carrying the enactments provisions of this Act into effect. and repeal-

(2) In the application of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, and other provisions referred to in that schedule, the modifications specified in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall be repealed’to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

26. For the purposes of this Act, the Council of the Isles of Application of Scilly shall be the local education authority for the Scilly Islands, t^Sci11^ and the expenses of the council under this Act shall be general 18 811 expenses of the Council.

27. — (1) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland or, Extent, com-except as expressly provided, to London.

(2) This Act shall, except as expressly provided, come into 8jJles orfc operation on the appointed day, and the appointed day shall be

the twenty-sixth day of March nineteen hundred and three, or such other day, not being more than eighteen months later, as the Board of Education may appoint; and different days may be appointed for different purposes and for different provisions of this Act and for different councils.

(3) The period, during which local authorities may, under the Education Act, 1901, as renewed by the Education Act, 1901 1 Edw. 7. c. u (Renewal) Act, 1902, empower school boards to carry on the work 2 Edw. 7. c. 19, of the schools and classes to which those Acts relate, shall be extended to the appointed day and, in the case of London, to the

twenty-sixth day of March nineteen hundred and four.

(4) This Act may be cited as the Education Act, 1902, and the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, and this Act may be cited as the Education Acts, 1870 to 1902.

140 Ch. 42. Education Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7

SCHEDULES.

Section 35,

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provision as to Education Committees and Managers.

(1) The council by whom an education committee is established may make regulations as to the quorum, proceedings and place of meeting of that committee, but, subject to any such regulations, the quorum, proceedings and place of meeting of the committee shall be such as the committee determine.

(2) The chairman of the education committee at any meeting of the committee shall, in case of an equal division of votes, have a second or casting vote.

(3) The proceedings of an education committee shall not be invalidated by any vacancy among its members or by any defect in the election, appointment or qualification of any members thereof.

(4) Minutes of the proceedings of an education committee shall be kept in a book provided for that purpose, and a minute of those proceedings, signed at the same or next ensuing meeting by a person describing himself as, or appearing to be, chairman of the meeting of the committee at which the minute is signed, shall be received in evidence without further proof.

(5) Until the contrary is proved, an education committee shall be deemed to have been duly constituted and to have power to deal with any matters referred to in its minutes.

(6) An education committee may, subject to any directions of the council, appoint such and so many sub-committees, consisting either wholly or partly of members of the committee, as the committee thinks fit.

(1) A body of managers may choose their chairman, except in cases where there is an ex-officio chairman, and regulate their quorum and proceedings in such manner as they think fit, subject, in the case of the managers of a school provided by the local education authority, to any directions of that authority. v

Provided that the quorum shall not be less than three, or one-third of the whole number of managers, whichever is the greater.

(2) Every question at a meeting of a body of managers shall be determined by a majority of the votes of the managers present and voting on the question, and, in case of an equal division of votes, the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or casting vote.

(3) The proceedings of a body of managers shall not be invalidated by any vacancy in their number, or by any defect in the election, appointment or qualification of any manager.

(4) The body of managers of a school provided by the local education authority shall deal with such matters, relating to the management of the school, and subject to such conditions and restrictions, as the local education authority determine.

(5) A manager of a school not provided by the local education authority, appointed by that authority or by the minor local authority, shall be removable by the authority by whom he is appointed, and any such manager may resign his office.

(6) The body of managers shall hold a meeting at least once in ever three months.

A. — Education Committees.

B. — Managers.

1902.

Education Act, 1902. Ch. 42. 141

(7) Any two managers may convene a meeting of the body of managers.

(8) The minutes of the proceedings of every body of managers shall be kept in a book provided for that purpose.

(9) A minute of the proceedings of a body of managers, signed at the same or the next ensuing meeting by a person describing himself as, or appearing to be, chairman of the meeting at which the minute is signed, shall be received in evidence without further proof.

(10) The minutes of a body of managers shall be open to inspection by the local education authority.

(11) Until the contrary is proved, a body of managers shall be deemed to be duly constituted and to have power to deal with the matters referred to in their minutes.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 25

Provisions as to Transfer of Property and Officers, and

Adjustment.

(1) The property, powers, rights and liabilities (including any property, powers, rights and liabilities vested, conferred or arising under any local Act or any trust deed) of any school board or school attendance committee existing at the appointed day shall be transferred to the council exercising the powers of the school board.

(2) "Where, under the provisions of this Act, any council relinquishes its powers and duties in favour of a county council, any property or rights acquired and any liabilities incurred, for the purpose of the performance of the powers and duties relinquished, including any property or rights vested or arising, or any liabilities incurred, under any local Act or trust deed, shall be transferred to the county council.

(3) Any loans transferred to a council under this Act shall, for the purpose of the limitation on the powers of the council to borrow, be treated as money borrowed under this Act.

(4) Any liability of an urban district council, incurred under the Technical Instruction Acts, 1889 and 1891, and charged on any fund or 52 & 53 Vict, rate, shall, by virtue of this Act, become charged on the fund or rate out c. 76.

of which the expenses of the council under this Act are payable, instead of 54 & 55 Vict* on the first-mentioned fund or rate. c *

(5) Section two of this Act shall apply to any balance of the residue

under section one of the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890, 53 & 54 Vict, remaining unexpended and unappropriated by any council at the appointed c. 60. day.

(6) Where the liabilities of a school board transferred to the local education authority under this Act comprise a liability on account of money advanced by that authority to the school board, the Local Government Board may make such orders as they think fit for providing for the repayment of any debts incurred by the authority for the purposes of those advances within a period fixed by the order, and, in case the money advanced to the school board has been money standing to the credit of any sinking fund or redemption fund or capital money applied under

the Local Government Acts, 1888 and 1894, or either of them, for the 51 & 52 Vict. repayment to the proper fund or account of the amount so advanced. c, 41.

Any order of the Local Government Board made under this provision 56 & 57 Vict. shall have effect as if enacted in this Act. c *

(7) Where a district council ceases, by reason of this Act, to be a school

authority within the meaning of the Elementary Education (Blind and 55 & 57 Vict.

Deaf Children) Act, 1893, or the Elementary Education (Defective and c. 42.

Epileptic Children) Act, 1899, any property or rights acquired and any 4 63 Vict-

8 *

142

Ch. 42.

Education, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 5.

liabilities incurred under those Acts shall be transferred to the county council, and, notwithstanding anything in this Act, the county council may raise any expenses incurred by them to meet any liability of a school authority under those Acts (whether a district council or not), and transferred to the county council, off the whole of their area, or off any parish or parishes which, in the opinion of the council, are served by the school in respect of which the liability has been incurred.

(8) Sections eighty-five to eighty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1894 (which contain transitory provisions), shall apply with respect to any transfer mentioned in this schedule, subject as follows:—

(a) Preferences to " the appointed day " and to " the passing of this Act " shall be construed, as respects a case of relinquishment of powers and duties, as references to the date on which the relinquishment takes effect; and

(b) the powers and duties of a school board or school attendance committee which is abolished or a council which ceases, under the provisions of this Act, to exercise powers and duties, shall be deemed to be powers and duties transferred under this Act; and

(c) subsections four and five of section eighty-five shall not apply.

(9) The disqualification of any persons who ar9, at the time of the passing of this Act, members of any council, and who will become disqualified for office in consequence of this Act, shall not, if the council so resolve, take effect until a day fixed by the resolution, not being later than the next ordinary day of retirement of councillors in the case of a county council, the next ordinary day of election of councillors in the case of the council of a borough, and the fifteenth day of April in the year nineteen hundred and four in the case of an urban district council.

(10) No election of members of a school board shall be held after the passing of this Act, and the term of office of members of any school board holding office at the passing of this Act, or appointed to fill casual vacancies after that date, shall continue to the appointed day; and the Board of Education may make orders with respect to any matter which it appears to them necessary or expedient to deal with for the purpose of carrying this provision into effect, and any order so made shall operate as if enacted in this Act.

(11) Where required for the purpose of bringing the accounts of a school to a close before the end of the financial year of the school, or for the purpose of meeting any change consequent on this Act, the Board of Education may calculate any parliamentary grant in respect of any month, or other period less than a year, and may pay any parliamentary grant which has accrued before the appointed day at such times and in such manner as they think fit.

(12) Any parliamentary grant payable to a public elementary school not provided by a school board in respect of a period before the appointed day shall be paid to the persons who were managers of the school immediately before that day, and shall be applied by them in payment of the outstanding liabilities on account of the school, and, so far as not required for that purpose, shall be paid to the persons who are managers of the school for the purposes of this Act, and shall be applied by them for the purposes for which provision is to be made under this Act by those managers, or for the benefit of any general fund applicable for those purposes:Provided that the Board of Education may, if they think fit, pay any share of the aid grant under the Voluntary Schools Act, 1897, allotted to an association ot voluntary schools, to the governing body of that association, if such governing body satisfy the Board of Education that proper arrangements have been made for the application of any sum so paid.

(13) Any school which has been provided by a school board, or is deemed to have been so provided, shall be treated, for the purposes of the

1902.

Education, 1902. Ch. 42. 143

Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, and this Act, as a school which has been provided by the local education authority, or which is deemed to have been so provided, as the case may be.

(14) The local education authority shall be entitled to use for the purposes of the school any school furniture and apparatus belonging to the trustees or managers of any public elementary school not provided by a school board, and in use for the purposes of the school before the appointed day.

(15) During the period between the passing of this Act and the appointed day, the managers of any public elementary school, whether provided by a school board or not, and any school attendance committee, shall furnish to the council, which will, on the appointed day, become the local education authority, such information as that council may reasonably require.

(16) The officers of any authority whose property, rights and liabilities are transferred under this Act to any council shall be transferred to and become the officers of that council, but that council may abolish the office of any 6uch officer whose office they deem unnecessary.

(17) Every officer so transferred shall hold his office by the same tenure and on the same terms and conditions as before the transfer, and, while performing the same duties, shall receive not less salary or remuneration than theretofore; but, if any such officer is required to perform duties which are not analogous to, or which are an unreasonable addition to, those which he is required to perform at the date of the transfer, he may relinquish his office, and any officer who so relinquishes his office, or whose office is abolished, shall be entitled to compensation under this Act.

(18) A council may, if they think fit, take into account continuous service under any school boards or school attendance committees in order to calculate the total period of service of any officer entitled to compensation under this Act.

(19) If an officer of any authority to which the Poor Law Officers’ 59 & 60 Vict. Superannuation Act, 1896, applies is, under this Act, transferred to any c. 50. council, and has made the annual contributions required to be made under

that Act, the provisions of that Act shall apply, subject to such modifications as the Local Government Board may by order direct for the purpose of making that Act applicable to the case.

(20) Any local education authority who have established any pension scheme, or scheme for the superannuation of their officers, may admit to the benefits of that scheme any officers transferred under this Act on such terms and conditions as they think fit.

(21) Section one hundred and twenty of the Local Government Act, 51 & 52 Vict. 1888, which relates to compensation to existing officers, shall apply as c. 41. respects officers transferred under this Act, and also (with the necessary modifications) to any other officers who, by virtue of this Act or anything

done in pursuance or in consequence of this Act, suffer direct pecuniary loss by abolition of office or by diminution or loss of fees or salary, in like manner as it applies to officers transferred under this Act, subject as follows: —

(a) any reference in that section to the county council shall include a reference to a borough or urban district council; and

(b) references in that section to "the passing of this Act" shall be construed, as respects a case- of relinquishment of powers and duties, as references to the date on which the relinquishment takes effect; and

(c) any reference to powers transferred shall be construed as a reference to property transferred; and

(d) any expenses shall be paid out of the fund or rate out of which the expenses of a council under this Act are paid, and, if any compensation

144

Ch. 42.

Education Act, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

56 & 67 Vict. c. 73.

Section 25.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 79.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 22.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 56.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

36 & 37 Vict,

c. 86.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 42.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 23.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 79.

is payable otherwise than by way of an annual sum, the payment of that compensation shall be a purpose for which a council may borrow for the purposes of this Act.

(22) Section sixty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1894 (which relates to the adjustment of property and liabilities), shall apply with respect to any adjustment required for the purposes of this Act.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Modification of Acts, &c.

(1) References to school boards and school districts shall be construed as references to local education authorities and the areas for which they act, except as respects transactions before the appointed day, and except that in paragraph (2) of section nineteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, and in subsection (I) of section two of the Education Code (1890) Act, 1890, references to a school district shall, as respects the area of a local education authority being the council of a county, be construed as references to a parish.

(2) References to the school fund or local rate shall be construed as references to the fund or rate out of which the expenses of the local education authority are payable.

(3) In section thirty-eight of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, references to members of a school board shall be construed as references to members of the education committee, or of any sub-committee appointed by that committee for school attendance purposes.

(4) The power of making byelaws shall (where the local education authority is a county council) include a power of making different byelaws for different parts of the area of the authority.

(5) The following provision shall have effect in lieu of section five of the Elementary Education Act, 1891:

" The duty of a local education authority under the Education Acts, 1870 to 1902, to provide a sufficient amount of public school accommodation, shall include the duty to provide a sufficient amount of public school accommodation, without payment of fees, iu every part of their area."

(6) The words "in the opinion of the Board of Education" shall be substituted for the words "in their opinion" in the first paragraph of section eighteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1870.

(7) Section ninety-nine of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, shall apply to the fulfilment of any conditions, the performance of any duties and the exercise of any powers under this Act as it applies to the fulfilment of conditions required in pursuance of that Act to be fulfilled in order to obtain a parliamentary grant.

(8) A reference to the provisions of this Act as to borrowing shall be substituted, in section fifteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, for the reference to section ten of the Elementary Education Act, 1873, and a reference to the Local Government Board shall be substituted for the second reference in that section to the Education Department, and also for the reference to the Education Department in section five of the Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893.

(9) A reference to the provisions of this Acl, relating to the enforcement of the performance of the local education authority’s duties by mandamus, shall be substituted, in section two of the Elementary Education Act, 1880, for the reference to section twenty-seven of the Elementary Education Act, 1876.

(10) The substitutions for school boards, school districts, school fund and local rate made by this schedule shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be made in any enactment referring to or applying the Elementary

Ch. 42.

145

1902.

Education Act, 1902.

Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, or any of them, so far as the reference or application extends.

(11) References in any enactment, or in any provision of a scheme made under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1894, or the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 to 1889, or the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, to any provisions of the Technical Instruction Acts, 1889 and 1891, or either of those Acts, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to the provisions of Part II. of this Act, and the provisions of this Act shall apply with respect to any school, college or hostel established, and to any obligation incurred, under the Technical Instruction Acts, 1889 and 1891, as if the school, college or hostel had been established, or the obligation incurred, under Part II. of this Act.

(12) The Local Government Board may, after consultation with the Board of Education, by order make such adaptations in the provisions of any local Act (including any Act to confirm a Provisional Order and any scheme under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, as amended by any subsequent Act) as may seem to them to be necessary to make those provisions conform with the provisions of this Act, and may also in like manner, on the application of any council who have power as to education under this Act and have also powers as to education under any local Act, make such modifications in the local Act as will enable the powers under that Act to be exercised as if they were powers under this Act.

Any order made under this provision shall operate as if enacted in this Act.

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed. Part I.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 76. I The Technical Instruction Act, 1889. The whole Act.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 60. The Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890. In section one, subsections two and three.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 4. The Technical Instruction Act, 1891. The whole Act.

Part II.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. The Elementary Education Act, 1870. Section four j section five except so far as it defines public school accommodation; section six; sections eight to thirteen j sections fifteen and sixteen j section eighteen from "If at " any time " to the end of the section; in section nineteen, the words "whether in obedience

62 & 53 Vict c. 76.

54 & 55 Vict c. 4.

45 & 46 Vict* c. 50.

Section 25.

L

Ch. 42.

Education, 1902. 2 Edw. 7.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. — cont.

The Elementary Education Act, 1870.

" to any requisition or not"; sections twenty-nine to thirty-four; in section thirty-five, the words "a clerk and a treasurer " and other" and the words from "but no such appointment" to "member of the board"; sections forty to forty-eight; sections forty-nine to fifty-one; in section fifty-two, the words "under the provisions " of this Act with respect to " the appointment of a body of "managers"; sections fifty-three to fifty-six; sections sixty to sixty-six; in section sixty-nine, the words "in the " metropolis" and the words from "appointed under this Act" to "returns under this Act "; in section seventy-three, the words "of the school district, " the words from* (ifany) " or if" to " inquiry relates " and the words "or if there is " no school board as a debt due " from the rating authority "; sections seventy-seven and seventy-nine; sections eighty-seven, eighty-eight and ninety; section ninety-three; the first proviso of section ninety-seven; the First Schedule; the Second Schedule, except the Third Part; the Third Schedule.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 86.

The Elementary Education Act, 1873.

Sections five to twelve; sections seventeen and eighteen; sections twenty-one and twenty-six; the First Schedule; the Second Schedule; the Third Schedule.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 90.

The Elementary Education (Orders) Act, 1874.

The whole Act.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 79.

The Elementary Education Act, 1876.

Section seven, from "and (2) " in every" to "appointing the committee, " and the words "and school attendance committee "; in section fifteen the words "not exceeding fifty"; section twenty-one; section twenty-three to "or pay any fees "; section twenty-seven; in section twenty-eight, the words "but subject in the case " of a school attendance committee to the approval hereinafter mentioned " and the words "or the officers of the

1902. Education Act, 1902. Ch. 42. 147

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. - - Extent of Repeal.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 79 . — The Elementary Education Act, 1876., " council or guardians by whom "the committee are appointed "; sections thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three (except as applied by this Act) and thirty-four; section thirty-six; in section thirty-seven, the words "or local authority"; in section thirty-eight, the words "or local authority " and " or school attendance " committee "; sections forty-one, forty-two, forty-three and forty-four; section forty-nine; the Second Schedule; the Third Schedule.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 23. The Elementary Education Act, 1880. Section three.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 22. The Education Code (1890) Act, 1890. Section one.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 56. The Elementary Education Act, 1891. Sections five, six and seven.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 42. The Elementary Education (Blind, and Deaf Children) Act, 1893. Section four from " ()for an area" to the end of the section. Subsections (3) and (4) of section five. Section six.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 16. The Agricultural Bates Act, 1896. In section seven, the words "a " school board for a school " district which is a parish or " and subsection (3).

---

60 & 61 Vict. c. 5. - The Voluntary Schools Act, 1897. - Section one.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 16. - The Elementary Education Act, 1897. - The whole Act.

62 & 63 Vict. c. 32. - The Elementary Education (Defective and Epileptic Children) Act, 1899. - In section six, the proviso.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 53. - The Elementary Education Act, 1900. - Section three.

149

TABLE II

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session

2 EDWARD 7. — A.D. 1902.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 28th April 1902.

P. i. AN Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. ii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Hamilton. (Hamilton Gas Order Confirmation.)

iii. An Act for the abandonment of the Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock and for other purposes. (Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock (Abandonment).)

iv. An Act for the amalgamation of the undertakings of the Buenos Ayres and Rosario Railway Company Limited and the Central Argentine Railway Company Limited and for other purposes. (Central Argentine and Rosario Railway.)

v. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Finedon to construct waterworks and to supply water and for other purposes. (Finedon Urban District Water.)

Royal Assent, 23rd June 1902.

vi. An Act to incorporate the Wadhurst Gas Company and to enable that Company to supply with gas the parishes of Wadhurst Ticehurst and other places in the county of Sussex. (Wadhurst Gas.)

vii. An Act to increase the nominal amount of the existing share capital of the Liverpool Grain Storage and Transit Company Limited and to convert the shares of the Company into stock and for other purposes. (Liverpool Grain Storage and Transit Company Limited.)

viii. An Act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and on that Company and the London and South Western Railway Company with reference to their joint undertaking and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway.)

ix. An Act to confer further powers on the Wrexham Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Wrexham Waterworks.)

x. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Shepton Mallet Gas Company. (Mallet Gas.)

xi. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of North Darley to construct waterworks and to supply water within the district and for other purposes. (Darley Dale Water.)

xii. An Act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Water Board consisting of representatives from the Councils of the Borough of Higham Ferrers and the Urban District of Rushden and to vest in such Board the powers of the Higham Ferrers Water Act 1900 and for other purposes. (Higham Ferrers and Rushden Water Board.)

xiii. An Act to authorise the Brighton and Rottingdean Seashore Electric Tramroad Company to divert a portion of their existing and authorised tramroad in the county of Sussex and to construct a new tramroad in lieu thereof and for other purposes. (Brighton and Rottingdean Seashore Electric Tramroad.)

xiv. An Act for consolidating the capital of the Reading Gas Company for enabling that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Reading Gas.)

xv. An Act to empower the Grand Junction Waterworks Company to raise further money and for other purposes. (Grand Junction Waterworks.)

xvi. An Act to convert the shares of the Bromley Gas Consumers Company into stock and to empower that Company to raise additional capital to make further provision with respect to the Company and their undertaking and for other purposes. (Bromley Gas.)

xvii. An Act to amend the Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power Act 1901. (Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power.)

xviii. An Act for extending the time limited by the Birmingham Corporation Water Act 1892 for the construction of certain of the works authorised by the said Act and for amending certain provisions of the said Act and for empowering the Corporation of Birmingham to acquire additional lands for the purposes of the said Act and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation Water.)

xix. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Caterham and District Gas Company. (Caterham and District Gas.)

xx. An Act to empower the Barking Gas Company to raise additional capital to amend the Barking Gas Act 1867 and for other purposes. (Barking Gas.)

xxi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company Limited for the construction of works and the supply of electrical energy and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company's.)

xxii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Great Eastern Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other companies for vesting in them the undertaking of the Northern and Eastern Railway Company for authorising agreements between them and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes (Great Eastern Railway.)

xxiii. An Act to provide for the better definition of the terms of transfer by the North Warwickshire Water Company of a portion of their undertaking to the Corporation of Coventry to authorise the Company to acquire land and construct works and to enlarge their area of supply and for other purposes. (North Warwickshire Water.)

xxiv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Manchester and Liverpool Electric Express Railway Company and for other purposes. (Manchester and Liverpool Electric Express Railway.)

xxv. An Act to authorise the Fareham Gas and Coke Company to acquire additional lands to construct additional works to raise additional capital to amend their existing Act and for other purposes. (Fareham Gas.)

xxvi. An Act for empowering the Isle of Wight Central Railway Company to raise further moneys. (Isle of Wight Central Railway.)

xxvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Birmingham Assay Office in relation to the application of their funds and otherwise. (Birmingham Assay Office.)

xxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Deal and Walmer Gas Company and for other purposes. (Deal and Walmer Gas.)

xxix. An Act for attaching a preference to the capital to be issued for the Ballyshannon Extension for the consolidation and conversion of the capital of the Company to repeal the provisions of former Acts as to separate undertakings to further extend the time for the completion of the Ballyshannon Extension to authorise the Company to work its undertaking by electricity and for other purposes. (Donegal Railway.)

xxx. An Act for constituting the Bere Alston and Calstock Light Railway and a portion of the East Cornwall Mineral Railway a separate undertaking and for other purposes. (Plymouth Devonport and South Western Junction Railway.)

xxxi. An Act to authorise the London and South Western Railway Company to execute further works to acquire additional lands and to raise further money to empower the Company and the Great Western Railway Company or one of them to acquire additional lands for enlarging Portland Station to confirm a lease to the Company of the Padstow separate undertaking of the North Cornwall Railway Company and an agreement made by the Company with the vicar and churchwardens of the parish of St. John Waterloo Road to extend the periods limited for the completion of works and the purchase of lands under certain Acts relating to the Company and to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

xxxii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Street to construct waterworks for the supply of the urban district and for other purposes. (Street Urban District Water.)

xxxiii. An Act for empowering the Tyne Improvement Commissioners to construct new landing-stages and other works and for enlarging the powers of the Commissioners with respect to their ferries and for other purposes. (Tyne Improvement.)

xxxiv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cornwall Electric Power Company. (Cornwall Electric Power.)

xxxv. An Act to provide for the amalgamation of certain schools in or near the city of Waterford to authorise the establishment of a primary and also of a secondary school in or near the said city to constitute a governing body for the maintenance and control of the new schools to vest certain property and endowments in and to confer divers powers for the management of the new schools on the said body and for other purposes. (Waterford and Bishop Foy Endowed Schools.)

xxxvi. An Act to make provision with respect to superannuation' and other allowances granted or to be granted by the School Board for London and for other purposes. (Board for London (Superannuation Scheme).)

xxxvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Chigwell Loughton and Woodford Gas Company and for other purposes. (Chigwell Loughton and Woodford Gas.)

xxxviii. An Act to repeal the deed of constitution charters and Acts of the Scottish Equitable Life Assurance Society and to consolidate their provisions or some of them with amendments to confer further powers on that Society and for other purposes. (Scottish Equitable Life Assurance Society's.)

xxxix. An Act to authorise the Leyland and Farington Gas Company to convert their existing share capital to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Leyland and Farington Gas.)

xl. An Act to authorise the Limpsfield and Oxted Water Company to make additional waterworks to extend the limits of supply of the Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Limpsfield and Oxted Water.)

xli. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Manchester to construct additional tramways in the city to empower the Corporation to purchase a short length of tramway beyond the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation Tramways.)

xlii. An Act to confer further powers on the New Swindon Gas Company to authorise the transfer to that Company of the undertaking of the Swindon Gas and Coke Company Limited to change the name of the New Swindon Gas Company and for other purposes. (Swindon United Gas.)

xliii. An Act to empower the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company to construct an enlarged reservoir on the River Rede and other works and for other purposes. (Newcastle and Gateshead Waterworks.)

xliv. An Act to empower the Corporations of Ashton-under-Lyne and Dukinfield to acquire the Alma Bridge and the approaches thereto to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Ashton-under-Lyne in regard to their tramway and electric lighting undertakings and for other purposes. (Ashton-under-Lyne and Dukinfield Corporations (Alma Bridge, &c.).)

xlv. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Abercarn to purchase the undertaking of the Abercarn and Newbridge Gas and Water Company and to supply gas and for other purposes. (Abercarn Urban District Gas.)

xlvi. An Act to empower the Furness Railway Company to run steam vessels between Barrow and Fleetwood Belfast Larne and the Isle of Man and for other purposes. (Furness Railway (Steam Vessels).)

xlvii. An Act for empowering the County Council of Middlesex to exercise certain powers vested in local authorities under the Tramways Act 1870 and for other purposes. (Middlesex County Council Tramways,)

xlviii. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Abertillery to construct additional waterworks and to make further provision in regard to the water undertaking of the Council and as to the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Abertillery Urban District Council.)

xlix. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Bradford-on-Avon Gas Company and for other purposes. (Bradford-on-Avon Gas.)

l. An Act to confer further powers on the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company in relation to their several undertakings and for other purposes. (Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway.)

li. An Act to extend the periods limited by the Renfrew Burgh and Harbour Extension Act 1899 for the compulsory purchase of lands and the completion of the works by that Act authorised; and for other purposes. (Renfrew Harbour.)

lii. An Act to extend the time limited by the Swansea Corporation Water Act 1892 for the construction, of the works authorised by that Act and to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Swansea in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Swansea Corporation Water.)

liii. An Act to make provision as to the application of the moneys arising from the markets held within the borough of Tiverton in the county of Devon and as to the payment of the sums secured by mortgage on such markets and for other purposes. (Tiverton Market.)

liv. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Dartford to establish and maintain markets and fairs and to acquire existing markets and market rights and to construct street improvements and to make further provision with regard to the electric light undertaking of the Council and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Dartford Improvement.)

lv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Gloucestershire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Gloucestershire Electric Power.)

lvi. An Act to alter and amend the Lancashire County (Lunatic Asylums and other Powers) Act 1891 and to alter the mode of contribution to the expenses of the Lancashire Asylums Board. (Lancashire County (Lunatic Asylums).)

lvii. An Act to confer powers on the Urban District Council of Rathmines and Rathgar in the county of Dublin with respect to buildings streets and sanitary and other matters for the improvement and good government of their district to take over and maintain a certain road in their district as a public road to acquire by agreement a certain piece of land in their district and lay out and maintain the same as a public park to borrow moneys and for other purposes. (Rathmines and Rathgar Urban District Council.)

lviii. An Act to authorise the acquisition by the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company of the undertaking of the Town and County of Poole Gas and Coke Company Limited to extend the limits for the supply of gas by the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company and to authorise that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Gas and Water (Poole Gas Transfer).)

lix. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Preston to reconstruct their existing and to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the borough and to make provision with respect to children trading in the streets and for other purposes. (Preston Corporation.)

lx. An Act to incorporate the Scarborough Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and to execute certain street works in the borough of Scarborough and for other purposes. (Scarborough Tramways.)

lxi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Longwood Gas Company and for other purposes. (Longwood Gas.)

lxii. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Birkenhead to acquire Hamilton Square Gardens and other lands and to confer on them further powers for the supply of electrical energy and for the control of children trading in the streets and further powers in relation to financial matters and for other purposes. (Birkenhead Corporation.)

lxiii. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Erdington to construct and work tramways and for other purposes. (Erdington Tramways)

lxiv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Rhymney Railway Company for the construction of railways and for other purposes. (Rhymney Railway.)

P. lxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897 relating to land in the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. lxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Corporation Libraries. (Dundee Corporation Libraries Order Confirmation.)

P. lxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Beeston Carnarvon Eston Hebden Bridge, Mytholmroyd Otley South Bank in Normanby Stockton (Rural District) Thomaby-on-Tees and Tipton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Abram Holyhead Hucknall Torkard Leyland Louth Penarth Saddleworth Springhead Tyldesley-with-Shakerley and Westhoughton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aberdare Amble Dover Frinton-on-Sea Gillingham (Kent) Hindhead and District Leadgate Leatherhead District (Ashtead and Mickleham) Paignton and Stanley (Durham). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cirencester Daventry (Rural) Oldbury Ramsgate Rotherham Scarborough and Southampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the town of Mallow. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Coatbridge Gas. (Coatbridge Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act 1863 and the Acts amending the same relating to the Dunderry Drainage District in the county of Meath. (Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental (Ireland).)

Royal Assent, 22nd July 1902.

P. lxxv. An Act to confirm a Scheme made under the London Government Act 1899 relating to the Metropolitan Borough of Southwark. (London Government Scheme (Borough of Southward) Confirmation.)

P. lxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to the Pilotage District of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. (Pilotage Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brownies Taing and St. Margaret’s Hope. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxxviii. An Act to confirm Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to Boston and to the Estuary of the River Tees. (Oyster and Mussel Fisheries Orders Confirmation.)

P. lxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Acton Biggleswade (Rural) Dorchester Durham (Rural) East Barnet Valley Pontypridd Richmond (Surrey) Watford (Rural) and Worcester. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Atherton Burnley St. Helen’s Tottenham and Wallasey. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnsley Chadderton Famworth Sevenoaks (Rural) Stratford-upon-Avon Wells West Bromwich and Yeovil. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Biggleswade the Birmingham Tame and Rea the Chelmsford the Upper Stour Valley and the Watford United Districts. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. lxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Darlington Hawarden (Rural) Linslade Settle (Rural) Sheffield and Sunderland. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. lxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Blackpool (two) Cardiff Hornsey Leeds Southport and Swindon. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No 11).)

P. lxxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barry Bromsgrove (Rural) Caerphilly Chiswick Middleton and Oakengates. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

P. lxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain, Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Burley-in-Wharfedale and Menston the Hanley Stoke and Fenton the North Staffordshire the Tunbridge Wells Tonbridge and Southborough and the Waltham United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

P. lxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Newton Abbot. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 15).)

P. lxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Silsden. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

P. lxxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead Bradford (Yorks) and Liverpool. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

P. xc. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Metropolitan Asylum District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Poor Law).)

P. xci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Edmonton Enfield Tottenham and Wood Green. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xcii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Dungarvan Fermoy Kilkenny (two) and Templemore and the Rural District of Dungarvan. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Dunbar Joint Burial Board and the Portadown and Banbridge Joint Waterworks Board. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. xciv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Rural Districts of Bantry and Mountmelick the Port of Galway and the Richmond Lunatic Asylum District. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. xcv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Ballymena and Strabane. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

P. xcvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Birr and Blackrock. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

P. xcvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Blackrock. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

P. xcviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley. (Paisley Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. xcix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to a certain area in the Parish of Poplar. (London (Poplar) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. c. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Buckie Burgh Extension and Buckie (Craigenroan) Harbour. (Buckie Burgh Extension and Buckie (Craigenroan) Harbour Order Confirmation.)

P. ci. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Irvine Corporation. (Irvine Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. cii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Stonehaven Town Hall. (Stonehaven Town Hall Order Confirmation.)

P. ciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Both well and Uddingston Gas Cirencester Gas Garw and Ogmore Gas Bothwell Gas Skegness Gas and Wellingborough Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. civ. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Rothesay Tramways. (Rothesay Tramways (Extension) Order Confirmation.)

cx. An Act to extend the limits for the supply of water by the West Hampshire Water Company and to confer further powers upon that Company for raising capital and for other purposes. (West Hampshire Water.)

cvi. An Act to empower the Kingscourt Ready and Armagh Railway Company to construct a new railway in the county of Monaghan and to abandon a portion of their authorised railways to change the name of the Company to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) to work the undertaking of the Company and to subscribe towards their capital and for other purposes. (Castleblayney Keady and Armagh Railway.)

cvii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Bedford to construct waterworks and for other purposes. (Bedford Corporation Water.)

cviii. An Act to empower the South Metropolitan Gas Company to acquire additional lands for the manufacture of gas and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Gas.)

cix. An Act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Belfast to purchase lands for purposes of a public hall to dedicate ground for hospital purposes to amend several of the local Acts in force in Belfast and to confer various powers on the Corporation. (Belfast Corporation.)

cx. An Act for conferring further powers on the Broadstairs Gas Company. (Broadstairs Gas.)

cxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Rickmansworth Gas Company. (Rickmansworth Gas.)

cxii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company. (Great Northern Railway.)

cxiii. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Bradford in the West RidiDg of the county of York to construct additional tramways waterworks and street improvements to acquire certain gas undertakings and to extend their limits of supply for gas to purchase the rights and interests of the Shelf Tramways Company Limited and to make further provision for the health and good government of the city and for other purposes. (Bradford Corporation.)

cxiv. An Act to empower the Northern Counties Electricity Supply Company Limited to construct tramways and tram-roads from Morpeth to Bedlington and Ashington to Newbiggin to make certain street widenings and for other purposes. (Northumberland Electric Tramways.)

cxv. An Act to provide for the revision of the register of freehold tenants of the Manor of Rusthall and for better defining and regulating their rights and for amending the Rusthall Manor Acts 1739 and 1863 and for other purposes. (Rusthall Manor.)

cxvi. An Act for regulating the removal of house refuse and the materials arising from the demolition of buildings within the City and the nuisances caused by such demolition and for other purposes. (City of London (Public Health).)

cxvii. An Act for empowering the Kent Waterworks Company to raise further money to enable them to fulfil their statutory obligations relating to the supply of water to supply some places adjoining their district and to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Kent Waterworks.)

cxviii. An Act to enable the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company.)

cxix. An Act to confer further powers on the West Ham Gas Company and for other purposes. (West Ham Gas.)

cxx. An Act to incorporate the Ticehurst and Robertsbridge Water Company and to enable them to supply with water the parish of Ticehurst and certain other parishes in the county of Sussex. (Ticehurst Water.)

cxxi. An Act toe nable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the city and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation Tramways Extensions.)

cxxii. An Act to make further provision with regard to the market water and gas undertakings of the Urban District Council of Knaresborough and for the improvement health and local government of the district. (Knaresborough Improvement.)

cxxiii. An Act to authorise the North British Railway Company to provide and use steam vessels and for other purposes. (North British Railway (Steam Vessels).)

cxxiv. An Act to extend the boundaries of the county borough of Halifax and to empower the Corporation to construct additional tramways street widenings and improvements to confer further powers with respect to their sewerage waterworks and electricity undertakings and in regard to streets and buildings and for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Halifax Corporation.)

cxxv. An Act to empower the Urban District Council. of Buxton to construct additional waterworks and to make further and better provision for the good government and health of the district and for other purposes. (Buxton Urban District Council Water.)

cxxvi. An Act to empower the Great Northern Railway Company to construct an underground railway in Islington and to lease the same to the Great Northern and City Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway (No.2).)

cxxvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Kent Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Kent Electric Power.)

cxxviii. An Act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to acquire the undertaking of the Drogheda Steam Packet Company Limited and to provide steam vessels to ply between the ports of Liverpool and Fleetwood and the port of Drogheda and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Steam Vessels).)

cxxix. An Act to make further and better provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough of Royal Leamington Spa to repeal part of the Leamington Corporation Act 1896 and for other purposes. (Leamington Corporation.)

cxxx. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Bristol Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Bristol Waterworks.)

cxxxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Leicestershire and Warwickshire Electric Power Company. (Leicestershire and Warwickshire Electric Power.)

cxxxii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads Company for the construction of tramways and tramroads and for other purposes. (Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads.)

cxxxiii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Chard Gas Company. (Chard Gas.)

cxxxiv. An Act to convert the capital stocks and debenture stock of the Commercial Gas Company into stocks of other nominal amounts but yielding equivalent amounts of dividend or interest and to empower that Company to raise additional capital to amend the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes. (Commercial Gas.)

cxxxv. An Act to enable the Great Central Railway Company to make new railways and other works and to acquire additional lands to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain lands and for the completion of certain railways of the Company the Company and the Great Western Railway Company the North Wales and Liverpool Railway Committee the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company and for the sale of the superfluous lands of the Cheshire Lines Committee the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies Committee and the Wigan Junction Railways Company to enable the Company to subscribe to the capital of the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

cxxxvi. An Act for extending the limits of supply of the West Gloucestershire Water Company and for authorising the Company to raise further capital and for other purposes. (West Gloucestershire Water.)

cxxxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the county borough of Huddersfield with respect to waterworks and other matters to provide for the transfer of the Technical College and the Lockwood Mechanics’ Institution to the Corporation and to make further provision for the health and good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation.)

cxxxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester with reference to the construction of railway and other works in connection with their electricity undertaking the widening of streets and the acquisition and appropriation of lands and with respect to new buildings regulation of street traffic and other matters affecting the health and good government of the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation (General Powers).)

cxxxix. An Act to provide for placing the Imperial Institute under the management of the Board of Trade and for other purposes. (Imperial Institute (Transfer).)

cxl. An Act to provide for the transfer to the Company of the powers of the Corporation of Glasgow with reference to the Provan Branch Railway to further extend the time for the purchase of lands for the purposes and for the completion of the Kirkcaldy New Railways to extend the time for the sale of superfluous lands by the Company and the Forth Bridge Railway Company to confirm an Agreement with the Lauder Light Railway Company for the working by the Company of the Lauder Light Railway to provide for the conversion of the West Highland Railway Company’s Stocks into Debenture Stock of the Company and for other purposes. (North British Railway (General Powers).)

cxli. An Act to authorise the construction of mil ways between Nottingham and Retford and for other purposes. (Nottingham and Retford Railway.)

Royal Assent, 31st July 1902.

cxlii. An Act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to construct an additional dock railway and other works to extend the city and county of Bristol and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

cxliii. An Act to incorporate a Company and to empower such Company to construct a canal from the River Medway to the River Thames and for other purposes. (Medway and Thames Canal.)

cxliv. An Act to extend the time for the completion of certain railways of and for the purchase of certain lands by the Barry Railway Company and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

cxlv. An Act to empower the Central London Railway Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Central London Railway.)

cxlvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to authorise certain alterations or deviations of the Callander and Oban and Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie Railways at or near Lochearnhead Station to provide for the transfer to the Caledonian Railway Company of the undertakings of the Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie and the Paisley and Barrhead District Railway Companies to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of lands and completion of works by the Caledonian and other railway companies and for other purposes. (Caledonian Railway.)

cxlvii. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Omagh Gas Company to the Omagh Urban District Council and to authorise that Council to supply gas and for other purposes. (Omagh Urban Distinct Gas.)

cxlviii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Salford to construct additional tramways to make provision with respect to the interchange of through traffic between the said borough and the city of Manchester to make street improvements and to raise additional moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of stock and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Salford Corporation.)

cxlix. An Act for extending the time limited for the acquisition of land and completion of works under the Southport District Tramroad Act 1899 and the Southport and Lytham Tramroad Act 1900 for authorising the issue of preferred and deferred half shares and for other purposes. (Southport and Lytham Tramroad.)

cl. An Act for transferring to the Great Central and Midland Railway Companies the powers of the Shireoaks Laughton and Maltby Railway Company and for authorising the construction of railways and works by the Great Central and Midland Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Central and Midland Railway Companies (Railways in South Yorkshire).)

cli. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee and upon the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railways Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands to authorise agreements between the Midland Railway Company and the Midland and South Western Junction Railway Company to provide for the vesting of the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway in the Midland and Great Eastern Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

clii. An Act for empowering the Midland Railway Company to provide and use steam vessels and for other purposes. (Midland Railway (Steam Vessels).)

cliii. An Act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Norwich Electricity Company Limited to the Corporation of Norwich and for other purposes. (Norwich Corporation (Electricity, &c.).)

cliv. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Cleethorpes-with-Thrunscoe in the county of Lincoln to construct a sea-wall and other works to construct and work tramways to purchase certain lands for the purposes of recreation grounds and to make further provision in regard to the supply of electricity and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Cleethorpes Improvement.)

clv. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the East Worcestershire Waterworks Company and to confer further powers upon that Company. (East Worcestershire Water.)

clvi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Electric Supply.)

clvii. An Act for vesting in the Great Western and London and North Western Railway Companies the powers of the Brynmawr and Western Valleys Railway Company for extending the time for the completion of the authorised railways of that Company and for other purposes. (Brynmawr and Western Valleys Railway (Vesting).)

clviii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Various Powers).)

clix. An Act to extend the periods for taking lands for and for the construction and completion of the light railway and tramways transferred by and authorised by the Hastings Tramways Act 1900 and for other purposes. (Hastings Tramways (Extension of Time).)

clx. An Act for vesting in the Taff Vale Railway Company the undertaking of the Aberdare Railway Company and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

clxi. An Act to confer further powers on the Consett Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Consett Waterworks.)

clxii. An Act to authorise the Rhondda Urban District Council in the county of Glamorgan to construct and work tramways to make a new road street widenings and improvements to make additional waterworks to confer upon the Council further powers with respect to their water and gas undertakings to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes. (Rhondda Urban District Council (Tramways, &c.).)

clxiii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Felixstowe and Walton in the county of Suffolk to construct a sea wall and other works to purchase Hamilton Terrace Cliffs and certain other lands and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Felixstowe and Walton Improvement.)

clxiv. An Act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

clxv. An Act to empower the Corporation of the City of London to acquire Spitalfields Market with power to extend and improve the same and to maintain the said market or sell or lease the same and for other purposes in reference thereto. (City of London (Spitalfields Market).)

clxvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the county borough of West Ham and to make further provision for the good government of that borough and for other purposes. (West Ham Corporation.)

clxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Newport for the construction of tramways and other works and for other purposes. (Newport Corporation.)

clxviii. An Act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company and upon that Company jointly with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of lands and jointly with the Midland and Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Companies in respect of their Normanton Station and for vesting in the Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company the Goole and Marshland Light Railway and the Isle of Axhol me Light Railway and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

clxix. An Act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to construct additional dock works a£ Garston and for conferring further powers upon that Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Great Western Railway Company in relation to their joint undertaking and upon the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

clxx. An Act to authorise the use of electrical power upon the tramways of the North Metropolitan Tramways Company in the county of Middlesex and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Tramways.)

clxxi. An Act to authorise the British Electric Traction Company Limited to construct tramways in the counties of Surrey and Kent and for other purposes. (Croydon and District Electric Tramways.)

clxxii. An Act to authorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to execute further works and to acquire additional lands for the enlargement and improvement of the Baker Street Station to acquire other lands for generating electricity for the electrical working of their undertaking and undertakings in which they are jointly interested with other companies and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

clxxiii. An Act to empower the London County Council to purchase lands for various purposes to extend the time for completion of certain works and acquisition of lands to empower the Metropolitan Borough Councils of Camberwell and Fulham to purchase lands and to confer further powers with respect to common lodging-houses and other sanitary matters and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

clxxiv. An Act to empower the Weardale and Shildon District Waterworks Company to' acquire the undertaking of the Consett Waterworks Company to construct additional works and to raise additional capital and for other purposes (Weardale Water.)

clxxv. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council o£ Colwyn Bay and Colwyn to construct promenades and sewerage and sewage outfall works and other works and to make further provision in regard to the health local government improvement and finance of their district and for other purposes. (Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Urban District Council.)

clxxvi. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Finchley to construct street improvements and for other purposes. (Finchley Urban District Council.)

clxxvii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses, of the borough of Leicester to construct additional tramways and street improvements, in the borough and to construct additional gasworks and for other purposes. (Leicester Corporation.)

clxxviii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the North and South Shields Electric Railway Company and for other purposes. (North and South Shields Electric Railway.)

clxxix. An Act for empowering the Wrexham and District Electric Tramways Limited to construct new tramways and other works and to work the said tramways by electrical power and for other purposes. (Wrexham District Tramways (Extension).)

clxxx. An Act for empowering the Cavehill and Whitewell Tramway Company to work their tramways by electrical power and to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Cavehill and Whitewell Tramways.)

clxxxi. An Act to confer further powers upon the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Tilbury and Southend Railway.)

clxxxii. An Act to confer further powers on the Whitechapel and Bow Railway Company and for other purposes. (Whitechapel and Bow Railway.)

clxxxiii. An Act for making a railway in the county of Derby connecting the Clay Cross collieries and works and other works with the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway near Chesterfield and for other purposes. (Clay Cross Railway.)

P. clxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Society of Accountants in Aberdeen. (Aberdeen Accountants Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Gas, &c.). (Glasgow Corporation (Gas, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Carnoustie Dumbarton Glasgow (Kinning Park) Govan (Extension) Nairn and St. Andrews. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. clxxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders granted by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ardsley East and West Barton Regis Blaydon Chester-le-Street Church StrettonLees Lower Bebington Newburn Seghill Earsdon and Tynemouth (Rural) and Stanley (Yorkshire). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. clxxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bridge-of-Earn Gas Clay Cross Gas Harwich Gas and Hornsey Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clxxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Beccles Water Burnham and District Water Croft (Leicestershire) Water Borough of Portsmouth Water and Woodford Halse Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. cxc. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to Bourne South Fen and Bourne South Fen Pastures in the parish of Bourne in the county of Lincoln. (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cxci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carlisle (Rural) Folkestone Harrogate Liversedge Sheffield and Weetslade. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxcii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Metropolitan Boroughs of Bethnal Green Stoke Newington and Woolwich. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Croydon Hindley and Oswestry. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. cxciv. An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster-General to acquire lands in the county of London for the public service and for other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

P. cxcv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Watchet. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxcvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Boards for Barnes Epping Liverpool Manchester and Swansea United District to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation, (Barnes, &c.).)

P. cxcvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Suburban Tramways. (Aberdeen Suburban Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. cxcviii. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of Woods to sell or let land in the New Forest for necessary public purposes. (New Forest (Sale of Lands for Public Purposes).)

P. cxcix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 for the regulation of the commons in the parishes of Chipping Sodbury Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury in the county of Gloucester. (Commons Regulation (Sodbury) Provisional Order.)

Royal Assent, 8th August 1902.

P. cc. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Wexford and Wicklow. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by. the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Chatham Falmouth Harrington St. Annes-on-the-Sea and Tenby. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. ccii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Brighton Corporation Tramways Gheadle and Gatley Urban District Council Tramway Lees Urban District Council Tramways Southport Corporation Tramways Stockport Corporation Tramways and Sunderland Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Heywood Corporation Tramways Leeds Corporation Tramways Pontypridd Urban District Council Tramways Southampton Corporation Tramways West Riding Tramways (Knottingley Extension) and Wolverhampton Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cciv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Portpatrick and Wigtownshire Joint Railway. (Portpatrick and Wigtownshire Joint Railway Order.)

P. ccv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway. (Glasgow and South Western Railway Order Confirmation.)

P. ccvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bedlingtonshire Chepstow (Urban and Rural) Cowes Hitchin Morpeth Ashington Newbiggin-by-the-Sea and Morpeth (Rural) Pokesdown Slough and Datchet Stevenage Tadcaster and District Trefriw and certain districts and parishes in the West Riding of the county of York. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. ccvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bermondsey (Extension) Stoke Newington and Woolwich. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. ccviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Knutsford Gas and Water Staines and Egham Gas Syston and Thurmaston Gas Uckfield Water and Worksop Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. ccix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Arundel Liverpool and Worthing and the counties of Cornwall Dorset and the West Riding of Yorkshire. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. ccx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Rotherham and West Hartlepool. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. ccxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

P. ccxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock and Port Glasgow Tramways. (Greenock and Port Glasgow Tramways (Extension) Order Confirmation.)

P. ccxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas. (Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. ccxiv. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the Charity or Foundation called the Yardley Charity Estates in the parish of Yardley in the county of Worcester. (Yardley Charity Estates Scheme Confirmation.)

ccxv. An Act to authorise the Rossendale Valley Tramways Company to extend their tramways and for other purposes. (Rossendale Valley Tramways.)

ccxvi. An Act to confirm an agreement between the Garston and District Tramways Company Limited of the first part the Garston and District Electric Supply Company Limited of the second part and the Corporation of the City of Liverpool of the third part for the transfer to the Corporation of the respective undertakings of those companies and for other purposes. (Liverpool Tramways and Electric Supply (Garston Transfer).)

ccxvii. An Act to authorise the Hull Barnsley and West" Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company to construct new railways and to purchase additional lands and to confer other powers upon them and for other purposes. (Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock (South Yorkshire Extension Lines).)

ccxviii. An Act to empower the London County Council to construct and use a subway and tramway in the Metropolitan Borough of Holborn and the City of Westminster and for other purposes. (London County Council (Subways and Tramways).)

ccxix. An Act to enable the London County Council to construct new tramways in the county of London and to work the same by electric traction to make street improvements to acquire lands for a station for generating electricity and for use in connexion with their tramway undertaking and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

ccxx. An Act to empower the Metropolitan District Railway Company to lay down and maintain mains for electrical energy to acquire lands to work certain railways by electrical energy to raise further capital to enable them to constitute the railway authorised by the Metropolitan District Railway Act 1897 a separate undertaking to extend the time for the completion of certain railways and compulsory purchase of lands and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

ccxxi. An Act for reviving and extending the period limited by the Hastings Harbour District Railway Act 1897 for the compulsory purchase of lands and for extending the period limited by that Act for the construction of the railways and works by that Act authorised. (Hastings Harbour District Railway (Extension of Time).)

ccxxii. An Act to confer further powers on the Great Northern and City Railway Company and to extend the time for the completion of the authorised railway of that Company and for other purposes. (Great Northern and City Railway.)

ccxxiii. An Act for authorising the Birmingham and Midland Tramways Limited to construct additional tramways and other works and to use mechanical power upon their tramways and for other purposes. (Birmingham and Midland Tramways.)

ccxxiv. An Act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the borough of Devonport with respect to the construction and working of tramways within the borough to authorise the construction of an embankment and road at Camel’s Head Bridge to make further provision for the borrowing of money and for other purposes. (Devonport Corporation (General Powers).)

ccxxv. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Devonport to purchase the undertaking of the Devonport Water Company and for other purposes. (Devonport Corporation (Water).)

ccxxvi. An Act to incorporate the Saddleworth and Springhead Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works and for other purposes. (Saddleworth and Springhead Tramways.)

ccxxvii. An Act to empower the Neath Rural District Council to obtain a supply of water from the River Tringarth in the parish of Ystradfelite in the county of Brecknock to acquire the Cwm Avon gas and water undertaking and for other purposes. (Ystradfelite Water.)

ccxxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Wigan in regard to the acquisition and construction of tramways and light railways and the construction of street improvements and to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the said borough and for other purposes. (Wigan Corporation.)

ccxxix. An Act for empowering the North Staffordshire Tramways Company Limited to work their tramways by mechanical or electrical power and for conferring further powers upon that Company and the Potteries Electric Traction Company Limited with regard to their respective tramways and for other purposes. (North Staffordshire Tramways.)

ccxxx. An Act to incorporate the Mexborough and Swinton Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works and for other purposes. (Mexborough and Swinton Tramways.)

ccxxxi. An Act to authorise the Liverpool Cathedral Committee to purchase a site for and to erect a cathedral church for the diocese of Liverpool and for other purposes. (Liverpool Cathedral.)

ccxxxii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Swansea to construct and work tramways and to construct street improvements and other works to inclose the common lands known as Graig-Trewyddfa to confer powers upon the Corporation in regard to their electric lighting undertaking their recreation grounds and the establishment of a workmen’s compensation fund to provide for the discontinuance of payments to the twelve senior burgesses and to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and the borrowing of money by the Corporation and for other purposes. (Swansea Corporation.)

ccxxxiii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Nottingham to construct additional tramways and to make new waterworks and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation.)

ccxxxiv. An Act to empower the Corporation of Margate to construct additional waterworks and to extend their limits for the supply of water and for other purposes. (Margate Corporation (Water).)

ccxxxv. An Act to authorise the alteration of the railways of the Great Northern and Strand Railway Company and the transfer of their undertaking and powers to the Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Northern and Strand Railway.)

ccxxxvi. An Act to authorise the construction of certain new works for improving the harbour of Dover the raising of further moneys by the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Dover Harbour.)

ccxxxvii. An Act to provide for the settlement of questions which have arisen between the preference shareholders and the ordinary shareholders in the Barrow Haematite Steel Company Limited and for other purposes. (Barrow Haematite Steel Company Limited.)

ccxxxviii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Menai Bridge to construct additional waterworks for the supply of their district to purchase and improve St. George’s Pier to construct a sea wall and promenade and to make further and better provision for the improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Menai Bridge Urban District.)

ccxxxix. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Whitstable in the county of Kent to purchase the undertakings of the Whitstable Water Company Limited and the Whitstable Gas and Coke Company Limited and to supply water and gas to transfer to the Council the powers within the district of the Commissioners of Sewers for the levels of East Kent and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Whitstable Water and Improvement.)

ccxl. An Act for authorising the Corporation of the City of Liverpool to execute certain street improvements and to acquire certain lands for the protection of their Rivington water supply for confirming an agreement between the Corporation and the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board for making further regulations with respect to streets and buildings and with respect to sanitary matters for conferring on the Corporation powers with respect to Stanley Cattle Market for amending divers provisions of the Local Acts in force within the city and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation.)

ccxli. An Act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of York and to make further provision in regard to the navigation of the Rivers Ouse and Foss and the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (York Corporation.)

ccxlii. An Act to make provision for the protection of the Crumlin Viaduct on the Great Western Railway and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (Crumlin Viaduct).)

ccxliii. An Act to empower the London and India Docks Company to acquire further lands to make further provision with respect to craft resorting to their docks to confer further powers upon and to amend the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes. (London and India Docks Company (Various Powers).)

ccxliv. An Act to enable the Dublin Port and Docks Board to make new provisions with respect to the lists of electors of elective members of the Board to acquire lands for widening quays to provide quay traffic facilities to erect labouring class dwellings to borrow further moneys for the improvement of the port to substitute new mortgages for those created under the Dublin Port and Docks Acts of 1869 and 1879 to authorise additional and substituted rates to confer further powers upon the Board and to vary their existing Acts and for other purposes. (Dublin Port and Docks.)

ccxlv. An Act to make further and better provision for the improvement health and good government of the borough of Eastbourne and for other purposes. (Eastbourne Corporation.)

ccxlvi. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Fleetwood in the county of Lancaster to construct new outfall and other sewers and for other purposes. (Fleetwood Urban. District Council.)

ccxlvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways (1901) Limited for constructing tramways and widening and altering roads in the counties of London and Surrey and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

Royal Assent, 18th November 1902.

P. ccxlviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bridgend (Glamorganshire) Gas and Water Goring and Streatley District Gas and Water Marlow Water Mid-Kent Water and Pinxton Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. ccxlix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Marlow Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. ccl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water. (Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water Order Confirmation.)

P. ccli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Corporation. (Dumbarton Corporation (Further Powers) Order Confirmation.)

cclii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wick Burgh Extension. (Wick Burgh Extension Order Confirmation.)

ccliii. An Act to confirm agreements for vesting common and other land in the local authorities of the districts of Richmond Ham and Kingston and the Surrey County Council as public open spaces and for other purposes. (Richmond Petersham and Ham Open Spaces.)

ccliv. An Act to enable the South Eastern Railway Company to make a new railway and widenings to enable that Company and the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to acquire and to hold additional lands to enable the Crowhurst Sidley and Bexhill Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways.)

cclv. An Act to confer further powers on the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

cclvi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company for authorising Agreements with the Metropolitan District Railway Company the South Eastern and Chatham Railway Companies Managing Committee the South Eastern Railway Company and the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company and for other purposes. (Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway.)

cclvii. An Act for incorporating the Edgware and Hampstead Railway Company and for empowering them to construct railways from Edgware to Holder's Green near Hampstead and for other purposes. (Edgware and Hampstead Railway.)

cclviii. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and completion of the railways and works authorised by the North West London Railway Act 1899 and for other purposes. (North West London Railway.)

cclix. An Act to confer further powers on the Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway Company for the construction new railways and works and for the use of part of the Metropolitan District Railway to extend the time for compulsory purchase of land and completion of works and to authorise working and other agreements with other companies and for other purposes. (Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway.)

cclx. An Act for the abandonment of the Bexhill and Rotherfield Railway and for other purposes. (Bexhill and Rotherfield Railway (Abandonment).)

Royal Assent, 18th December 1902.

P. cclxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Water and General). (Glasgow Corporation (Water and General) Order Confirmation.)

178

TABLE III.

Showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation.

ACTS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 2 EDW. 7.*

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 2 Edw. 7.

---

9 Geo. 4. c. 61 - Alehouses Ss. 1, 3, 13, 14. rep. in part 28, ss. 14 (2), 33, Sch. 24, s. 6 (1).

6&7 Will. 4. c. 108 Public Works (I.) - S. 13 applied

3 & 4 Vict c. 61 Beerhouses - Ss. 1, 8, 18 amended 28, s. 22.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 3 Sea Fisheries (I.) - Ss. 70, 71 applied with modifications. 24, s. 7.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 65 Cemeteries Clauses Ss. 52, 57 applied to ashes of cremated bodies. 8, s. 13.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42 Crown Lands S. 22 amended - 37, s. 1 (3).

15 & 16 Vict. c. 84 17 & 18 Vict.: Metropolis Water Ss. 15, 19-22, 27 rep. - 41, s. 88, Sch. V.

C. 91 Lands Valuation (S.) S. 42 amended - 25.

C. 103 Towns Improvement (I.) S. 27 amended 38, 8. 14.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 40 Public Libraries (I.) S. 9 amended 38, s. 11.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 45 Fisheries (S.) - S. 1 repealed in part 29, 8. 2.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 22 Inland Revenue - - S. 13 amended - 28, s. 17 (2).

26 & 27 Vict c. 33 Inland Revenue S. 20 amended 28, s. 17 (2).

27 & 28 Vict. c. 18 Inland Revenue - - S. 5 amended 28, s. 17 (2).

29 & 30 Vict. c. 31 Officers Superannuation (Metropolis). Applied - 41, s. 24 (4).

31 & 82 Vict. c. 119 32 & 33 Vict.: Regulation of Railways - Ss. 30-32 applied 41, s. 41 (2).

c. 27 Beerhouses - S. 8 amended 28, s. 10 (2).

c. 79 33 & 34 Vict.: Local Officers Superannuation (I.). S. 1 restricted 38, 8. 10.

c. 29 Wine and Beerhouses S. 4 (4) applied - 28, 8. 16 (4).

C. 71 National Debt - S. 26 ext. to scrip - 7, 8. 11.

c. 75 Elementary Education Amended; s. 73 applied; ss. 18, 99 amended; ss. 4, 6, 8-13, 15, 16, 29-34, 40-51, 53-56, 60-66, 42, ss. 5, 16, 23 (10), 25 (2), Sch. III. (1), (2), (6), (7),

& 35 Vict.: 77, 79, 87, 88, 90, 93, Schs. I., III. rep.; ss. 5, 18, 19, 35, 52, 69, 73, 97, Sch. 11. rep. in part. s. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

c. 109 Local Government (I.) - S. 12 applied and am.; S. 13 explained and applied. As from 24th June 1904. Ss.37-42 rep.; 8.47. rep. in part. 38, ss. 18 (4), 19, 20.

c. 113 Metropolis Water - 41, s. 38, Sch. V.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table.

A.D. 1902. Effect of Leg. 179

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 2 Edw. 7.

35 & 36 Vict.:

c. 21 Reformatory and Industrial S. 8 amended 42, ss. 5, 25 (2),

Schools. Sch. III. (1).

c. 94 Intoxicating Liquor - S. 12 explained; ss. 60, 28, ss. 2 (3), 8,

69, 73, 74 am.; s. 40 10, 16 (3), 33,

(2) applied; ss. 30, 31 (1), (2), 33, 34, 55, 57 rep.; ss. 48, 58 rep. in part. Sch.

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. c. 86 'Elementary Education Amended; ss. 5-12, 17, 42, SS. 5, 25 (2),

13, 21, 26, Schs. L, H., 111. repealed. Sch. III. (1) (2) s. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 49 Intoxicating Liquor ... S. 19 am.; ss. 13, 24 rep.; 28, ss. 17 (2), 83,

s. 14 rep. in part. Sch.

c. 90 Elementary Education (Orders) - Repealed 42, s. 25 (8), Sch. IV.

38 & 39 Vict.:

c. 55 Public Health - Ss. 176-178 applied; 41, ss. 24 (2), 26

ss. 297, 298 applied (4).

with modifications. 42, s. 21.

c. 77 Supreme Court of Judicature - S. 12 amended 31.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 79 Elementary Education - Amended; s. 33 applied; 42, ss. 5, 18, 25

ss. 21, 27, 80-32, 34, (2), Sch. IH.

36, 41-44, 49, Schs. (1), (2), (3),

* II., III. rep.; ss. 7, 15, (8), s. 25 (3),

23, 28, 33, 37, 38 rep. in part. Sch. IV.

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 21 Prisons - S. 36 amended 9.

C. 65 Fisheries (Dynamite) - Extended to Fresh Water 29, s. 3.

Fisheries in Scotland.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52 Public Health (I.) S. 238 (2) restricted 38, s. 8 (2).

42 & 43 Vict.:

c. 19 Habitual Drunkards - S. 10 amended 28, s. 5.

c. 48 Industrial Schools Amended 42, ss. 5, 25 (2),

Sch. III. (1).

43 Vict. c. 6 Beer Dealers Retail Licences - Repealed - 28, s. 33, Sch.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 23 Elementary Education Amended; s. 3 rep. 42, ss. 5, 25 (2),

Sch. III. (1) (9), 8. 25 (3),

Sch. IV.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 12 Customs and Inland Revenue S. 7 amended 7, s. 5.

c. 58 Army - S. 174 repealed - 28, s. 33, Sch.

6 Vict.:

c. 34 Beer Dealers Retail Licences - Repealed - 28, s. 33, Sch

c. 49 Militia - Ss. 3, 4 ext. to yeomanry - 39.

c. 56 Electric Lighting S. 8 amended 35.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 57 Patents, Designs and Trade S. 9 (5) applied; 8. 8 am.; 34, ss. 1 (4), (8),

Marks. s. 22 rep.; s. 82 (4) 3, 4.

47 & 48 Vict.: repealed in part.

c. 70 Municipal Elections - S. 36, Sch. I. amended - 42, ss. 5, 25 (2),

c. cxli. Croydon Corporation Ss. 11, 12 repealed - Sch. III. (1) (2). 41, s. 38, Sch. V.

180 Effect of Legislation, [2 Edw. 7.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 2 Edw. 7.

48 & 49 Vict.: 42, ss. 5, 25 (2), Sch. III. (1).

c. 38 School Boards - Amended

c. 51 Customs and Inland Revenue - S. 3 amended - 7, s. 5.

c. 63 51 & 52 Vict.: Patents, Designs and Trade Marks. S. 8 amended 34, s. 1 (8).

c. 41 Local Government Ss. 69, 87 (1) (5) appl.; s. 120 applied with modifications. 41, ss. 16 (4), 47 (5). 42, ss. 23 (9), 25 (1), Sch. II. (21).

c. 42 Mortmain and Charitable Uses - Not to apply to elementary school houses. 42, s. 23 (5).

c. 60 52 & 53 Vict.: Probate Duties (S. & I.) S. 8 (1) (a) amended 33.

c. 40 Welsh Intermediate Education - Amended 42, s. 17 (8).

c. 49 Arbitration - Ss. 7 (a), (c), 8, 18, 22 applied. 41, 8. 23 (10).

c. 76 53 & 54 Vict.: Technical Instruction - Repealed 42, s. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

c. 13 Electric Lighting (S.) - Sch. amended 35.

c. 22 Education Code (1890) - S. 2 (1) am.; s. 1 rep. - 42, s. 25 (2) Sch. IN. (1> s. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

c. 59 Public Health - Ss. 52 applied 41, s. 17 (3).

c. 60 Local Taxation (Customs and Amended as to application 42, ss. 2, 25 (1),

54 & 55 Vict.: Excise). of residue; s. 1 (2), (3) repealed. Sch. II. (5), s. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

c. 4 Technical Instruction Repealed 42, 8. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

c. 31 Mail Ships - S..8 (2) (o), (5) am. - 36.

c. 39 Stamps - Extended to crematoria -S. 62 amended 8, s. 7. 7, s. 9.

c. 56 Elementary Education Amended; ss. 5, 6, 7 rep. 42, ss. 5, 25 (2), Sch. IN. (1), (2), (5), s. 25 (3) . Sch. IV.

c. 73 Mortmain and Charitable Uses - S. 5 not to apply to elementary school houses. 42, s. 23 (5).

55 & 56 Vict. c. 29 56 & 57 Vict: Technical and Industrial Institutions. S. 2 amended - 42, s. 25 (2), Sch. III. (11).

c. 42 Elementary Education (Blind Amended; ss. 4 (6), 5 42, ss. 5, 25 (2),

and Deaf Children). (3), (4), 6 repealed. Sch. II. (7), Sch. III. (1), (2), (8), s. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

c. 53 Trustees - S. 1 amended 41, s. 17 (4).

c. 73 57 & 58 Vict.: Local Government - S. 68 applied; ss. 85 (1), (2), (3), 86, 87, 88 applied with modifications. 42, Sch. II. (8), (22).

c. 30 Finance - S. 38 applied - 7, s. 10 (4).

c. 38 58 & 59 Vict.: Public Libraries (I.) Ss. 1 (1), (9), 3-13 extended to rural districts. 20, s. 2.

c. 16 Finance - S. 6 amended 7, s. 5.

c. 39 Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women). Applied with modifications. 28, s. 5.

---

A.D. 1902. Effect of Legislation. 181

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 2 Edw. 7.

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 16 - Agricultural Rates - S. 7 (1) rep. in part; s. 7 (3) repealed. - 42, s. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

c. 33 - Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) - S. 1 rep. in part and applied to Naval Reserve under Act of 1900. - 5.

c. 34 - Railways (I.) - Ss. 4, 9 amended - 24, s. 9.

c. 38 - Uganda Railway - S. 1 amended - 40.

c. 50 Poor Law Officers Superannuation. - Applied - 42, Sch. II. (19).

60 & 61 Vict.:

---

c. 5 Voluntary Schools Amended; 8. 1 rep.

C. 16 Elementary Education Repealed -

c. 32 School Board Conferences Amended ...

61 & 62 Vict.:

C. 30 Pauper Children (I.) Amended -

c. 37 Local Government (I.) - S. 80 applied -Ss. 10 (3) (p). 15 (9), | 42 (3), 51 (7), 58, 58 (2) (a), (4), (5), 63 (2), 115(10) (11) am.; ss. 63, 115 (19) applied.

c. 53 Libraries Offences Ext. to Ireland -

C. 60 1 Inebriates - S. 2, Sch. I. amended -

62 & 63 Vict.:

c. 13 Elementary Education (School Attendance). Amended -

c. 32 Elementary Education (Defective and Epileptic Children). j Amended; proviso of s. 6 rep.

c. 50 Agriculture and Technical Instruction (I.). S. 19 amended

63 & 64 Vict.:

c. 7 Finance Ss. 2-7 continued -

c. 11 Uganda Railway - Repealed

c. 31 Customs (Isle of Man) ! Ss. 1, 2 (par. 2) continued

c. 53 Elementary Education - Amended; 8. 3 rep.

1 Edw. 7:

c. 4 Civil List - S. 1 applied -

c. 7 Finance - 1 S. 2 am.; s. 10 explained

c. 11 Education - Continued and amended -

c. 19 Public Libraries ... S. 12 repealed

c. 28 Local Government (I.> - | 8 3 amended

c. 31

Pacific Cable Amended -

0

Chapter of 2 Edw. 7.

42, ss. 5, 10, 25 (2), Schs. II. (12), III. (1), (2), 8. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

42, 8. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

42, ss. 5, 25 (2), Sch. III. (1) (2).

16.

24, 8. 3 (2).

38, ss. 1, 7, 9, 12 (5), 20 (2).

20, s. 7.

28, 88. 2 (3), 3.

42, 8. 25 (2), Sch.

III. (1).

42. Sch. II. (7), 88. 5, 25 (2), Sch. III. (1), 25 (3), Sch.IV.

3.

7, 88. 3, 4.

40.

23.

42, ss. 5, 25 (2), Sch. III. (1), 8. 25 (3), Sch. IV.

37, 8. 1 (2).

1 7, 68. 6, 7.

I 19.

42, 88. 5, 25 (2), Sch. III. (1) (2), s. 27 (3). 20, 8. 8.

38, 8. 13.

26.

3 82

---

2 Edw. 7:

c. 19 - Education - Amended - 42, s. 27 (3).

[Table of local acts in classes removed.]

[Index removed.]

