THE

LAW REPORTS.

The Public General Statutes,

PASSED IN THE

FORTY-SEVENTH AND FORTY-EIGHTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1884:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE SESSION'S

LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX.

VOL. XX.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN’S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY,

FOR

WILLIAM CLOWES & SONS, Limited,

Printers to the Incorporated Council of Law Reporting for England and Wales,

DUKE STREET, STAMFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1884.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Fifth Session of the Twenty-Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

1. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity upon the Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., in consideration of his eminent Services.

2. An Act to make further provision respecting the Conversion into Two and a half per Cent. Annuities of Three per Cent. Annuities held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of Savings Banks, and for the Redemption of the Indian Loan Annuity, 1881.

3. An Act for the Relief of the Brokers of the City of London.

4. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

5. An Act to amend the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, by giving greater facilities for Appeal to owners and lessees of houses paying rates and taxes in the place of the occupiers.

6. An Act to confer further powers upon the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland of acquiring lands in Dublin for all or any of the purposes of the Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877.

7. An Act for amending the Isle of Man Harbours Acts, 1872 and 1874.

8. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

9. An Act to amend the Law as to Appeals in Bankruptcy from County Courts.

10. An Act to amend the Irish Church Act, 1869; and for other purposes.

11. An Act for the further Protection of Fish other than Salmon in Fresh Waters.

12. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, so far as relates to the Confirmation of Byelaws.

13. An Act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878.

14. An Act to amend the sixteenth section of the Married Women’s Property Act, 1882.

15. An Act to apply the sum of six million five hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

16. An Act to apply to Scotland certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

17. An Act to provide for the appointment of an additional Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis and for other purposes relating to the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of such Police.

18. An Act to amend the Settled Land Act, 1882.

19. An Act to amend the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts so far as they relate to Children and young Persons.

20. An Act to removo Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages of Members of the Greek Church in England.

21. An Act to provide for the better administration of the Fund under the control of the Trustees to aid the Sea and Coast Fisheries of Ireland; and for other purposes in relation thereto.

22. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Buildings of Non-vested National Schools and Training Colleges in Ireland.

23. An Act for giving Facilities for the Conversion of Three per Cent. Stock into Stock of a Lower Denomination, and for other purposes relating thereto.

24. An Act to amend the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act.

25. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

26. An Act to amend the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877.

27. An Act to further amend the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

28. An Act to amend the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

29. An Act to extend Section forty-one of the Licensing Act, 1872.

30. An Act to simplify the passing of Instruments under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom.

31. An Act to make further provision respecting the removal of Prisoners and Criminal Lunatics from Her Majesty's possessions out of the United Kingdom.

32. An Act for transferring the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea from the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

33. An Act to make provision for the foundation of a Dean and Chapter for the Bishopric of Newcastle, and for the transfer to the Cathedral Church of Newcastle of one of the canonries in the Cathedral Church of Durham, and for the transfer of certain ecclesiastical patronage to the Bishopric and Chapter of Newcastle, and for other purposes connected therewith.

34. An Act to extend the Hours of Polling at Parliamentary and Municipal Elections in certain Boroughs.

35. An Act to facilitate the Revision of Lists of Jurors and Voters, and the Registration of Voters, in the county of Dublin.

36. An Act to amend the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877, in certain particulars.

37. An Act to amend the Public Libraries Acts.

38. An Act to provide for the regulation of Her Majesty's Indian Marine Service.

39. An Act to amend the Naval Discipline Act, 1866.

40. An Act for enabling Manx Children to be sent to Reformatory or Industrial Schools in Great Britain.

41. An Act to amend the Building Societies Act, 1874.

42. An Act to amend the Sheriff Court Houses Act, 1860.

43. An Act to repeal divers Enactments rendered unnecessary by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts and other Acts relating to Proceedings before Courts of Summary Jurisdiction, and to make further provision for the uniformity of Proceedings before those Courts.

44. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Payment of Naval and Greenwich Hospital Pensions.

45. An Act to amend the National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879, in so far as it relates to the Loans for Teachers’ Residences.

46. An Act to amend the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853, and for other purposes connected therewith.

47. An Act to enable Local Authorities to transfer the whole or certain parts of their Districts for the purposes of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, to the Districts of neighbouring Local Authorities.

48. An Act to promote the Cultivation of Oysters in Ireland.

49. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and of loans and purchases by the Irish Land Commission.

50. An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes.

51. An Act to remove doubts as to the powers of the Secretary of State in relation to the altering, enlarging, rebuilding, and building of Prisons, and appropriating any Building for a Prison.

52. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

53. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

54. An Act to consolidate and amend the law relating to the Registration of Deeds and other matters affecting lands and hereditaments within the North, East, and West Ridings of the County of York.

55. An Act to make further provision with regard to the Pensions of Soldiers, and to the Pay and Pensions of the Yeomanry, and for other purposes.

56. An Act to declare the Law relating to the Incorporation of Chartered Companies.

57. An Act to extend certain Powers given by the Superannuation Act Amendment Act, 1873.

58. An Act for amending the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879.

59. An Act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

60. An Act to enable the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylums District to borrow for certain purposes of the Diseases Prevention (Metropolis) Act, 1883.

61. An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts; and for other purposes.

62. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue and to the Audit of Public Accounts, and for other purposes connected with the Public Revenue and Expenditure.

63. An Act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867.

64. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Criminal Lunatics.

65. An Act to further amend the New Parishes Acts and the Church Building Acts.

66. An Act to provide for the disunion of the Sees of Gloucester and Bristol, and the constitution of a separate Bishopric of Bristol.

67. An Act to prohibit charges for Improvements upon Ecclesiastical Lands otherwise than with the consent of the Patron and Bishop.

68. An Act to amend the Matrimonial Causes Acts.

69. An Act to make better provision against Cholera and other dangerous Epidemic Diseases.

70. An Act for the better Prevention of Corrupt and Illegal Practices at Municipal and other Elections.

71. An Act to amend the Law respecting the administration of the Personal Estate and the Escheat of the Real Estate of Deceased Persons; and for other purposes.

72. An Act for preventing the erection of Buildings on Disused Burial Grounds.

73. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

74. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to the Officers of Local Authorities.

75. An Act to amend the Canal Boats Act, 1877.

76. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Protection of the Post Office and to Offences committed in relation to the Post Office.

77. An Act to amend the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, with reference to Sanitary Districts.

78. An Act to suspend, on account of Corrupt Practices, the issue during the prorogation of Parliament of writs for the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in the present Parliament for certain cities and boroughs.

[Partial list of local acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

47 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity upon the Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., in consideration of his eminent Services.

[24th March 1884.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland did, by an humble address to Your Majesty, pray Your Majesty that you would be graciously pleased to confer some signal mark of your royal favour upon the Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., Speaker of the House of Commons, for his eminent services during the important period in which he had with such distinguished ability and dignity presided in the Chair of the House, and did assure Your Majesty that whatever expense Your Majesty should think proper to be incurred upon that account the said House would make good the same: And whereas Your Majesty in answer to the said address was graciously pleased to declare that Your Majesty was desirous, in compliance with the wishes of your faithful Commons, to confer upon the said Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand some signal mark of your royal favour, but as the same could not be effectually granted and secured without the concurrence of Parliament, Your Majesty recommended to the House of Commons the adoption of such measures as might be necessary for the accomplishment of that purpose: Now we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have resolved that the annual sum of four thousand pounds net be granted to Your Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said annuity to commence and take effect upon the day upon which the Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., late Speaker of the House of Commons, ceased to hold the office of Speaker of the House of Commons, to be settled in the most beneficial manner upon and to continue during the life of him the said Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

2 Ch. 1, 2. Mr. Speaker's Retirement Act, 1884. 47 Vict.

[An annuity of 4,000l. to be paid to the Right Honourable Sir Henry Brand.]

---

[Short title.]

Amendment as to calculation of terminable annuity upon conversion of three per cents held by National Debt Commissioners into two and a half per cents.

1. One annuity of four thousand pounds shall he payable out of and charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such sums of money as have been directed by former Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with preference to all other payments which may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said fund), and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, except income tax, to the said Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., during his natural life, which said annuity shall commence And take effect upon the day upon which he the said Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., ceased to hold the office of Speaker of the House of Commons, the first payment to be computed from the said day until the next ensuing quarterly day of payment, and from thenceforward shall be paid quarterly on the fifth day of July, the fifth day of October, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April, by equal portions; and a proportionate part shall be payable for the period between the last quarterly day of payment and the date of the determination of the said, annuity: Provided that one half of the said annuity shall abate and be suspended during any period in which the said Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., may hereafter hold any place, office, or employment under Her Majesty of equal or greater amount in salary, profits, or emolument than the amount of such annuity.

[Treasury to direct payment of annuity.]

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are hereby authorised and required by warrant or warrants under their hands to direct the payment of the said annuity according to the provisions herein-before contained.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to make further provision respecting the Conversion into Two and a half per Cent. Annuities of Three per Cent. Annuities held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of Savings Banks, and for the Redemption of the Indian Loan Annuity, 1881.

[24th March 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the National Debt Act, 1884.

2. Whereas by the Savings Banks Act, 1863, as amended by the National Debt Act, 1883, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury (in this section referred to as the Treasury) were empowered to convert portions of the three pounds per centum perpetual annuities held by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt (in this section referred to as the National Debt Commissioners) on account of post office savings banks into an equal amount of two pounds ten shillings per centum perpetual annuities, and to pay the difference in value by a terminable annuity

1884.

National Debt Act, 1884. Ch. 2, 3.

3

for a term not exceeding twenty years from the date of the creation 26 & 27 Vict, thereof and of an amount determined as therein mentioned, and it is 46&’47 vict expedient to alter the amount of the said annuity: Be it therefore c. 54. enacted as follows:

Any such terminable annuity shall be of equivalent capital value to the difference between the prices certified by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to be on the day agreed on by the Treasury and the National Debt Commissioners as the day of conversion, the market prices respectively of the perpetual annuities converted and the two pounds ten shillings per centum perpetual annuities into which they are converted, with such addition to the said difference as the Treasury in agreement with the National Debt Commissioners may determine to be necessary in order to secure the said Commissioners from any loss by reason of the conversion, and the said equivalent capital value shall be ascertained on the basis of the interest yielded by the three pounds per centum consolidated perpetual annuities at the price certified by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to be the average price on the said day of conversion.

3. Whereas in pursuance of section seven of the National Debt Act, 1883, the Treasury paid one million pounds for the redemption minableMuui-of a portion of the terminable annuity created in pursuance of the ties under Indian Loan Act, 1881, and it is expedient to authorise the redemp- 445^ 45 Vict-tion of the residue of that annuity: Be it therefore enacted as 46 &'47 v; ct-follows: c. 54.

The Commissioners of* Her Majesty's Treasury may from time to time pay out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt such sums as are necessary for the redemption of the whole or part of the residue of the said terminable annuity, and the National Debt Act, 1883, shall apply in like manner as if any sum so paid were the sum of one million pounds mentioned in section seven of that Act, and upon the cancellation in accordance with that section, as hereby extended, of the last remaining portion of the said annuity, the said section seven and the Indian Loan Act, 1881, shall be repealed.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act for the Relief of the Brokers of the City of London.

[24th March 1884.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled " An Act for repealing " the Act of the first year of King James the First, intituled An " ‘ Act for the well garbling of spices, and for granting an equivalent " ‘ to the city of London by admitting brokers, ’ " it was, amongst other things, enacted that, from and after the determination of the then session of Parliament, all persons that should act as brokers within the city of London and liberties thereof should from time to time be admitted so to do by the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city for the time being, under such restrictions and limita-

Ch. 3.

London Brokers' Relief Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

tions for their honest and good behaviour as the said court should think fit and reasonable, and should upon such their admission pay to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, for the uses therein-after mentioned, the sum of forty shillings, and should also yearly pay to the said uses the sum of forty shillings upon the twenty-ninth day of September in every year; and it was further enacted, that if any person or persons, from and after the determination of the then session of Parliament, should take upon him to act as a broker or employ any other under him to act as such within the said city and liberties, not being admitted as aforesaid, every such person so offending should forfeit and pay to the use of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city for every such offence the sum of twenty-five pounds, to be recovered as in the said Act is mentioned:

And whereas by an Act (local and personal) made and passed in the fifty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled " An Act for granting an equivalent for the diminution of the profits of the office of gauger of the city of London, and " increasing the payments to be made by brokers, " after reciting, amongst other things, the before-mentioned Act, it was, amongst other things, enacted that all persons that from and after the first day of July next after the passing of that Act should be admitted to act as brokers within the city of London and liberties thereof by the said court, in pursuance of the said recited Act of Parliament, should upon such their admission, over and above the sum of forty shillings required to be paid by the said recited Act, pay to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being the sum of three pounds, and should also yearly pay to the said chamberlain, over and above the said yearly sum of forty shillings required to be paid by the said recited Act, the sum of three pounds on the twenty-ninth day of September in every year; and it was, amongst other things, further enacted, that so much of the said recited Act as imposed a penalty of twenty-five pounds upon any person who should take upon him to act as a broker, or employ any person under him to act as such, not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Act, should be and the same was thereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of the now reciting Act, if any person should take upon him to act as a broker or employ or cause, permit, or suffer any person or persons to be employed with, under, or for him to act as such within the said city and liberties, not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Act, every such person so offending should forfeit and pay to the use of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as in the now reciting Act is mentioned:

And whereas the said court of mayor and aldermen of the said city (herein-after called the court), acting by virtue of the powers conferred upon them by the said recited Acts or one of them, or by virtue of some other authority from time to time, made and established rules and regulations for the admission of brokers within the city of London and liberties thereof, and imposed restrictions and limitations on the manner in which the persons whom they

1884.

London Brokers' Relief Act, 1884. Ch. 3.

admitted into the office and employment of a broker within the said city and liberties thereof were to carry on their business as brokers, and exercised and claimed a right to exercise jurisdiction and control over such brokers for the purpose of enforcing the observance of the said regulations, restrictions, and limitations:

And whereas the court also required every broker admitted by them to find two sureties, to be approved of by the court, to enter into a bond for the due and just execution by the broker of his said office and employment, or in place of such sureties required such broker to transfer into the joint names of himself and the chamberlain of the said city stock in the public funds to the nominal amount of one thousand pounds:

And whereas the court also required each broker admitted by them to enter into his own bond in the penal sum of one thousand pounds to secure the due performance of his duties as a broker, and also to secure the annual payment of the sums of two pounds and three pounds to the chamberlain of the city, pursuant to the provisions of the said Act of the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne and of the fifty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third:

And whereas by the London Brokers’ Relief Act, 1870, after reciting as or to the effect before recited, and that it was expedient to relieve the said brokers from the necessity of providing such sureties or entering into such personal bond as aforesaid, and from the jurisdiction and supervision exercised by the court over the brokers, it was, amongst other things, enacted that after the passing of the Act now in recital the court should not require a broker by himself or sureties to give any bond on his admission as a broker, and the jurisdiction, supervision, and control of the court over brokers in the said city of London and the liberties thereof should cease, and the court should not have the power to make or enforce any rules, orders, regulations, restrictions, limitations, or penalties affecting, except as therein-after mentioned, the admission of such brokers or the manner in which the business of such brokers should be carried on: And it was further enacted that, except as therein expressly enacted, the Act now in recital should not extend to take away from the court such right as they had then under the before recited Acts to require brokers to be admitted, or to repeal the penalty of one hundred pounds imposed by the said Act of the fifty-seventh George the Third in the case therein mentioned, or affect the liability of brokers when admitted to pay to the chamberlain of the said city for the uses mentioned in the said before recited Acts respectively the sums of forty shillings and three pounds on admission, and the yearly sums of forty shillings and three pounds made payable by the said before recited Acts respectively: And it was further enacted, that the court should keep a list containing the names and addresses of all brokers who should from time to time have been admitted, and if any such broker should be convicted in any criminal court of felony or fraud, or if a judge of any of the superior courts of law or equity or a judge in bankruptcy should in any action, suit, or other proceeding prosecuted or depending before such judge, and to which such broker should be a

6

Ch. 3.

London Brokers’ Relief Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

party, certify (as he was thereby empowered to do) that such broker had been guilty of fraud, and that he ought to be disqualified from acting as a broker altogether, or for such period as such judge should name in the certificate, such broker should accordingly be disqualified as from the date of such conviction or certificate, and his name should thereupon be removed by the court of aldermen from the list of brokers either absolutely or for the time mentioned in such certificate:

And whereas it is expedient that brokers should be relieved from the necessity of being admitted by the court, and from the payment to the chamberlain of the said city of the said sums of forty shillings and three pounds on admission, and that the yearly sums of forty shillings and three pounds payable by or under the said recited Acts should cease to be payable after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and that the court should from that date be relieved from the duty of keeping a list containing the names and addresses of brokers as herein after provided:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the London Brokers’ Belief Act, 1884.

Admission by court of aldermen, and payments by brokers in respect thereof abolished.

Penalty repealed.

Repeal of *. 6 of Act of 1870.

2. After the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six the court shall not require nor shall it be necessary for any person to be admitted by the court to act as a broker within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and brokers so acting shall not after that day be liable to pay to the chamberlain of the said city the yearly or other sums of forty shillings and three pounds respectively made payable by the before recited Acts or some or one of them, or any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, anything in the said Acts or in any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

3. So much of the second section of the said Act of the fifty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third, as imposes a penalty of one hundred pounds on any person acting as a broker, or employing or causing or permitting or suffering any person or persons to be employed with, under, or for him to act as such, within the said city and liberties, not being admitted in pursuance of the said Act of the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, is as from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six hereby repealed.

4. Section six of the London Brokers’ Relief Act, 1870, is as from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six hereby repealed.

1884.

Consolidated Fwtid (No. 1) Act, 1884. Ch. 4.

7

CHAPTER 4.

4>

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

[28th March 1884.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum he rein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by tho Queen’s most Excellent Majesty j by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United lo^ut of the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making Consolidated good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the for 1110 years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight years ending6 hundred and eighty-three and one thousand eight hundred and 81st March eighty-four the sum of one million three hundred and eighty-four 1883 and 1884. thousand six hundred and fifty-five pounds fourteen shillings and tenpence.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making Consolidated good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the :Fun^for the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight yeaVendf^g6 hundred and eighty-five, the sum of ten million four hundred and mt March" thirty-two thousand eight hundred and fifty pounds. 1885 *

3. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time, on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding borrow? ° in the whole the sum of eleven million eight hundred and seventeen thousand five hundred and five pounds fourteen shillings and ten-.pence, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1884.

8

Ch. 5. Valuation (Metropolis) Amendment Act, 1884. 47 Vict.

33 & 33 Vict. c. 67.

Short title and construction.

Enabling owners aqd lessees to appeal.

One notice or objection may include one or more separately assessed hereditaments.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, by giving greater facilities for appeal to owners and lessees of houses paying rates and taxes in the place of the occupiers.

[28th March 1884.]

WHEREAS the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, does not sufficiently provide for objections to and appeals against valuation lists in the case of owners and lessees who by contract or arrangement pay tenants rates and taxes, more especially when such houses are subdivided into tenements separately rated as hereditaments in such valuation lists:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commotis, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same (as follows):

1. This Act may be cited as the Valuation (Metropolis) Amendment Act, 1884, and shall be read and construed as one Act with the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869(herein-after called the principal Act).

2. Section seventy of the principal Act is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof it is enacted as follows: Where the owner or lessee of any hereditament is liable to be assessed for any rate or tax in the place of the occupier or tenant, or does in fact pay any such rate or tax in his place under any contract or arrangement with him, such owner or lessee shall for the purposes of this Act and the Acts incorporated therewith be deemed to be the occupier of such hereditament, and the person referred to as the ratepayer in sections nineteen and thirty-two of the principal Act, and the person who is to make to the overseers of his parish the statement or return referred to in the fifty-fifth section of the principal Act.

Provided, that any form of return, order, notice, or document required to be given to or served on the occupier under the principal Act shall, except where the owner or lessee is liable to be assessed to or to pay any rate or tax in the place of the occupier, be deemed to be sufficiently given or served, notwithstanding this Act, if addressed to such occupier and left on the premises to which the return, order, notice, or document relates.

3. Where any occupier or ratepayer, or any owner or lessee deemed to be an occupier or ratepayer within the meaning of section two of this Act, shall object to the valuation list in respect of any hereditaments, whether consisting of a house or houses subdivided into tenements separately assessed as hereditaments or of separate houses or tenements not so subdivided, it shall be lawful for him to include in any one notice made in pursuance of section thirty-three of the principal Act or otherwise, or in any one objection, appeal, or other proceeding under the principal Act and the Acts incorporated therewith, the whole or any one or more of the hereditaments separately assessed and comprised in one valuation list of which he is or is deemed to be the occupier or ratepayer.

1884.

Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1884. Ch. 6.

9

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to confer further powers upon the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland of acquiring lands in Dublin for all or any of the purposes of the Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877.

[28th April 1884.]

11/ HEEEAS by the Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877, 40 & 41 Vict, (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1877, ") the lands of c*CCXXXIV. the Royal Dublin Society therein mentioned were vested in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland (in this Act referred to as the Commissioners) and the Commissioners were authorised to acquire other lands for the purpose of the erection of a science and art museum in Dublin, and the establishment of a national library in Dublin, and for the other purposes of that Act:

And whereas the Commissioners require further powers of acquiring lands for the purposes of the Act of 1877:

And whereas duplicate plans showing the lands which may be required by the Commissioners for the purposes of the Act of 1877 (in this Act referred to as the prescribed lands) and also a book of reference to such plans containing the names of the owners and lessees, or reputed owners and lessees, and of the occupiers of the said lands, and describing the said lands, have been duly deposited with the respective clerks of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin and for the county of Dublin:

And whereas the prescribed lands cannot be acquired without the authority of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1884, and this Act and the Act of 1877 may be cited together

as the Dublin Science and Art Museum Acts, 1877 and 1884.

2. (1.) The Commissioners may purchase, take, and use for the Power to take purposes of the Act of 1877, all or any of the prescribed lands, and land *

may remove the buildings thereon, and sell or dispose of the materials thereof.

(2.) For the purpose of such purchase there shall be incorporated with this Act the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, as amended by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act,

1860, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, the Railways Act (Ireland),

1860, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1864, and the Railways Traverse Act, subject as follows:

(a.) There shall not be incorporated with this Act sections one hundred and twenty^seven to one hundred and thirty-two, both inclusive, of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the sale of superfluous land, nor sections one hundred and fifty and one hundred and fifty-one relating to access to the special Act.

(6.) In the construction of the said Acts for the purposes of this Act, " the promoters of the undertaking " and " the company " shall respectively be construed to mean the Commissioners, and

10

Ch. 6, 7. Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1884. 47 Vict.

General provisions as to purchase of lands by Commissioners.

Short title and construction.

Regulation of ferries and licenses for ferry boats.

the Act of 1877, as amended by this Act, shall be deemed to be the special Act, but the date for the period of compulsory purchase shall run from the passing of this Act.

(c.) Any arbitrator who under the said Acts would be appointed by the Commissioners shall he appointed by the Board of Trade, by order in writing under the hand of the President or one of the secretaries of the Board, and the said Acts shall apply as if in the provisions relating to the arbitrator the Board of Trade were therein mentioned in lieu of the Commissioners.

3. (1.) All lands taken or acquired by the Commissioners under the authority of this Act shall be held by the Commissioners in trust for Her Majesty, Her heirs and successors, for the purposes of the Act of 1877.

(2.) The Commissioners may from time to time, sell, exchange, or lease all or any of the lands taken or acquired by them under the authority of this Act, which may not be required for the purposes of the Act of 1877.

(3.) Any purchase, sale, exchange, or lease of land, in pursuance of this Act, shall not be made or granted, except with the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, but it shall not be necessary for the person who sells or purchases any such land, or takes the same in exchange or on lease, to ascertain that the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury has been given to such sale, purchase, exchange, or lease.

(4.) All moneys paid to the Commissioners in respect of any materials, or lands sold by them under the authority of this Act, shall be paid into the Exchequer, and all expenses of the Commissioners under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act for amending the Isle of Man Harbours Acts, 1872 and 1874.

[28th April 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1884, and shall be construed as one with the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872, and Acts amending it, and any expressions defined by those Acts shall in this Act have the meanings thereby assigned to them.

2. — (1.) Subsection one of section thirteen of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872, is hereby repealed in so far as it relates to ferries and ferry boats, and the power to make byelaws conferred by that section shall be deemed to extend to all or any of the following purposes; namely,

For the regulation of ferries, and for licensing and regulating ferry boats plying for hire in any of the harbours or on the coast of the island, and for fixing the terms and conditions on

1884.

Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1884. Ch. 7.

11

which licenses shall be granted, and whether the same shall be granted for a fixed sum or to the highest bidder by auction, or otherwise; and for regulating the conduct of the proprietors, crews, or persons having the charge, command, or management thereof, and for fixing the number of passengers or persons to be carried in any such boats, and the rates or fares to be paid for conveyance therein.

(2.) Nothing in this section or in the repeal effected thereby shall affect any right or liability vested or accrued under the provision hereby repealed or the continuation or institution of any proceeding for ascertaining or enforcing any such right or liability.

3. — (1.) The Court of Tynwald may from time to time, on the recommendation of the Commissioners, by resolution appoint tolls to be paid by all persons walking upon or otherwise using or coming upon any dock, pier, quay, or landing under the control of the Commissioners.

Provided that —

(a.) No toll so imposed on any person shall exceed the sum of threepence for each occasion of using or coming upon the pier, quay, or landing:

(b.) The Commissioners may accept a composition from any person in respect of such tolls:

(c.) The said tolls and composition shall be charged equally to all persons under the same circumstances:

(d.) The said tolls shall not be charged to any person who is a passenger on or one of the officers or crew of, or otherwise attached to, any vessel using any harbour, dock, quay, or pier under the control of the Commissioners.

(2.) The approval of the Board of Trade shall not be necessary to the imposition of any such tolls, but, subject to the provisions of this section, the provisions of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874, shall, in so far as applicable, apply to tolls under this section as if they were dues under that Act.

(3.) Any tolls imposed under the powers given by this section may be applied in such manner and to such purposes as the Court of Tynwald may by resolution from time to time direct.

(4.) The power to make byelaws conferred by section thirteen of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872, shall be deemed to include the power to make byelaws for regulating the collection and enforcing the payment of tolls, and for otherwise carrying out the purposes of this section.

4. The power to charge dues conferred by section three of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874, shall be deemed to extend to and include a power to charge dues in respect of any vessel entering or using any harbour, dock, quay, pier, or part or appurtenance thereof, under the control of the Commissioners.

5. — (1.) It shall be lawful for the Court of Tynwald, with the approval of the Board of Trade, by resolution from time to time to appoint dues not exceeding sixpence per ton to be paid on all goods landed from any vessel in any harbour, or on any quay or pier under the control of the Commissioners. Where any dues are so appointed io be paid, they shall as regards any vessel from which

Power to charge tolls to persons walking on piers, &c.

Explanation and amendment of 37 Vict. c. 8. s. 8.

Power to charge dues on cargo landed in lieu of ton nogc dues.

12

Ch. 7, 8.

Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

Borrowing

powers.

goods are landed be deemed to be in substitution for the dues appointed to be paid under the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874, and the provisions of that Act shall, in so far as applicable, apply to dues under this section.

(2.) The Court of Tynwald may, with the approval of the Board of Trade, from time to time determine to what classes of vessels the dues under this section shall apply, provided that the said dues shall be charged equally to all vessels of the same class under the same circumstances.

6. The Commissioners may borrow on the security of the tolls and dues under this Act in like manner as they may borrow on the security of the sums mentioned in section twenty of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[28th April 1884.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a standing army within v the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and forty thousand three hundred and fourteen men, including those to be employed at the dep6ts in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons

1884.

Army (Annual), 1884. Ch. 8.

13

belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplar}' and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act, 1881, will expire — 44 & 45 Vict.

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle c- 58. of Man, on the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four; and

(b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1884. Short titk.

2. — (1.) The Army Act, 1881, shall be and remain in force during Army Act

the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise behi

provided by Parliament; that is to say, fore© for speci-

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the fied times. Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, both inclusive; and

(b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, both inclusive; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, both inclusive;

and the day from which the Army Act, 1881, is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Army Act, 1881, while in force shall apply to persons 44 & 45 Vict, subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's c*58* dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act, 1881, by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for Prices in the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act,

1881, the prices specified in the Schedule to this Act. e

14

Ch. 8.

Array (Annual) Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

Amendment of 8. 32 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.

Unauthorised

punishments.

Amendment of s. 154 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. as to apprehension of deserters.

Amendment of s. 179 (12). of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. as to the Koval Marines.

Amendments of Array Act, 1881.

4. In section thirty-two, sub-section one, of the Army Act, 1881, the words "penal servitude " shall be omitted, and the word "imprisonment shall he substituted.

5. Whereas questions have arisen as to the punishments which may be inflicted on persons subject to military law under the Army Act, 1881, under or by virtue of powers derived from foreign potentates or rulers, and whereas it is expedient to determine such questions: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

There shall be added to section forty-four of the Army Act, 1881, at the end of the section, the following enactment:

No officer or non-commissioned officer shall, under or by virtue of any power or authority derived from any foreign potentate or ruler, inflict, or cause to be inflicted, on any person subject to military law under this Act, for or in respect of any offence against such law, any punishment not authorised by this Act.

The above enactment shall be numbered as sub-section (13).

6. Whereas by section one hundred and fifty-four of the Army Act, 1881, any constable is authorised to apprehend a person upon reasonable suspicion that he is a deserter, and it is expedient to authorise a justice to grant a warrant for such apprehension: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

There shall be added to section one hundred and fifty-four of the Army Act, 1881, after the first sub-section the following enactment:

(2.) A justice of the peace, magistrate, or other person having authority to issue a warrant for the apprehension of a person charged with crime may, if satisfied by evidence on oath that a deserter is or is reasonably suspected to be within his jurisdiction, issue a warrant authorising such deserter to be apprehended and brought forthwith before a court of summary jurisdiction.

The above enactment shall be numbered as sub-sefction (2), and the numbers of the subsequent sub-sections in the said section one hundred and fifty-four shall be altered accordingly.

7. Whereas the twelfth sub-section of section one hundred and seventy-nine of the Army Act, 1881, is as follows:

" Nothing in the provisions of this Act relating to the term " of enlistment, to the conditions of service, to appointment or " transfer, to transfer to the reserve, to the re-engagement or prolongation of service, or to forfeiture of service of a soldier of the " regular forces, or to the rules for reckoning service for discharge " or transfer to the reserve, shall apply to the Royal Marines: "

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the transfer of a man of the Royal Marines with his consent to another portion of Her Majesty's regular forces: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

There shcdl be added to section one hundred and seventy-nine of the Army Act, 1881, at the end of the twelfth sub-section, the following enactment:

Save that if regulations made by a Secretary of State and the Admiralty provide for the transfer of men of the Royal Marines to any other part of Her Majesty's regular forces, a man of the

1884.

Ch. 8, 9.

15

Array (Annual) Act, 1884.

Royal Marines may, with his consent, be so transferred in accordance with the said regulations, and, subject to those regulations, shall become a soldier of the said part of Her Majesty's regular forces in like manner, so nearly as circumstances admit, as if he had been enlisted in pursuance of this Act.

8. In all copies of the Army Act, 1881, which may be printed Printing of after the commencement of this Act the words by this Act directed amendments, to be added shall be added thereto and printed therein.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided.

Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act, 1881.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse.

Lodging and attendance for officer

Twopence halfpenny per night.

One shilling and one penny halfpenny each.

Fourpence per day.

One shilling and ninepence per day.

Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

B

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Law as to Appeals in Bankruptcy from County Courts.

[28th April 1884.]

E it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Bankruptcy Appeals (County short title. Courts) Act, 1884.

2. Section one hundred and four, subsection 2 (a) of the Bank- Bankruptcy ruptcy Act, 1883, is hereby repealed, and instead thereof it is

tlUieby enacted That an appeal shall lie in bankruptcy matters, at 47 ytet the instance of any person aggrieved, from the order of a County c. 52.

Court to a Divisional Court of the High Court of Justice, of which the Judge to whom bankruptcy business shall for the time being be k/k £y

assigned shall for the purpose of hearing any such appeal be a ' '

member. The decision of such Divisional Court upon any such

appeal shall be final and conclusive, unless in any case it shall

seem fit to the said Divisional Court or to the Court of Appeal to

give special leave to appeal therefrom to Her Majesty's Court of

Appeal, whose decision in such case shall be final and conclusive.

16

Ch. 10.

Trustee Churches (Ireland) Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 48.

32 & 38 Vict. c. 48.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to amend the Irish Church Act, 1869; and for other purposes.

[28th April 1884.]

WHEREAS by the Irish Church Act, 1869, section seventy, it is enacted as follows: " Nothing in this Act contained shall " affect the patronage and right of presentation to any proprietary " or district parochial church or endowed chapel of ease which has " been endowed out of private hinds, or affect the property in any " such church or chapel or the property held for the purposes of or " appropriated to the use of the same, or affect the continuance of the trust relating thereto as originally constituted

And whereas divers churches and chapels of ease had been from time to time, 'prior to the passing of the said Act, erected in Ireland either in accordance with certain private trusts or under the provisions of the several Church Building Acts for the time being in force in that behalf, and certain parishes or parochial districts had been assigned or annexed to certain of such churches, or were at the time of the passing of the said Irish Church Act, 1869, connected therewith:

And whereas the bishops, clergy, and laity of the said Irish Church assembled as in said Act mentioned are thereby authorised " to frame constitutions and regulations for the general management " and good government of the said church and property and affairs " thereof, " and they have in pursuance of such authority made divers provisions for regulating the patronage and right of presentation to parishes and ecclesiastical benefices, and for assigning or annexing parochial districts to churches previously non-parochial, and for altering the boundaries of parishes, and for the due management and control of the property and affairs thereof:

And whereas it is desirable that the trustees and patrons of such churches and chapels as aforesaid should be authorised to adopt and apply to such churches and chapels respectively, and the patronage and property thereof, such of the aforesaid provisions and regulations as may in their opinion be best adapted to carry out the original intention of the trusts of such churches or chapels, having regard to the altered circumstances of the said Irish Church, notwithstanding that other provisions may have been made for the like purposes in the said Church Building Acts, or some of them, or in the instruments governing the trusts relating to such churches or chapels respectively; but doubts have arisen whether such provisions and regulations, or any of them, can be made to apply to such churches and chapels, or any of them, or the patronage or property thereof, or to any of the districts which were at the time of the passing of the said Irish Church Act, 1869, thereto respectively assigned or annexed, or therewith respectively connected, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1884.

Trustee Churches (Ireland) Act, 1884. Ch. 10, 11.

17

L It shall be lawful for the trustees or other governing body power for of any such church or chapel as aforesaid, by instrument under trustees to their hands, to transfer to the representative church body of the p^rt/to0"1* said church (with its consent) all or any part of the property vested representative in them for the purposes of such church or chapel, and thereupon church body, the same shall vest in and be held by the said representative body upon the trusts for the time being applicable thereto.

2. It shall be lawful for any such trustees or other governing Power to vest

body as aforesaid by any unanimous resolution to put an end to [^presentl-any trust now or for the time being subsisting with respect to tive church such church or chapel, and to vest the same and any other property body>and to subject to such trust in the said representative body, or any other by

person or persons or body corporate, and to define the future trusts resolution, thereof, either by assimilating the same to the regulations affecting

other similar property in the same diocese, or in any other manner for the benefit of the said Irish Church which may be sanctioned by the chief legislative authority for the time being of the said church.

3. No such resolution shall be valid until it shall have been Resolutions

accepted and recorded in such manner as the said chief legislative ^e^ted'and authority may direct; and no such resolution which affects or recorded by purports to affect any right of patronage or presentation to any legislative such church or chapel shall be so accepted or recorded without the of

consent in writing of the patron or patrons thereof.

4. Every such resolution when duly accepted and recorded shall Resolutions, be applicable to the said church or chapel and the property and whn recorded, affairs thereof, and shall be valid and binding to all intents and of l^vf °rCe purposes, anything in the said recited Acts of Parliament, or any

of them, or in the instrument forming the trusts relating to such church or chapel or property, to the contrary notwithstanding.

5. Nothing contained in this Act shall affect any power of Saving for revocation attached to any trust to which this Act applies, or pre- ^Uon. vent any person having such power, or having a right to take or resume the possession of any property affected by such trust, from exercising such power or right.

[Short title.]

6. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Trustee Churches (Ireland) Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act for the further Protection of Pish other than Salmon in Presh Waters. ' [19th May 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the powers of boards of conservators in fishery districts for the better protection of

freshwater fish:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

B

18

Ch. 11.

Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

Fishery board may make byelaws for determining mesh of nets.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 71.

Power to form board for coarse fish district.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 121.

Powers of water-bailiffs.

1. (1.) In any fishery district subject to a hoard of conservators, the conservators may from time to time make byelaws for all or any of the following purposes; that is to say,

(i.) For determining the minimum size of the mesh of nets for catching freshwater fish which may be lawfully used within the district of such board, so that such mesh shall not be less than one inch from knot to knot, measured when wet, and so that no person shall be compelled to use a mesh larger than three inches from knot to knot measured when wet; and so that such byelaw shall not extend to any casting or dip net lawfully used for catching fish for bait;

(ii.) For determining the length and size and description of nets for catching freshwater fish, which may be lawfully used within the district of such board, and the manner of using the same; and

(iii.) For prohibiting the use of any mode or instrument of fishing for freshwater fish within the district of such board, where such mode or instrument appears to be prejudicial to the fisheries;

and may by any such byelaw impose a penalty not exceeding five pounds for each offence against any such byelaw, and provide for the seizure and for the forfeiture, on summary conviction, of nets, instruments, and devices used in contravention of any such byelaw, and of fish found in the possession of a person contravening any such byelaw, and of fish caught by any such means, or in any such manner, as is contrary to any such byelaw, and such fish shall be deemed to be illegally caught, and any such forfeiture may be enforced by a court of summary jurisdiction.

Provided that no byelaw made under the authority of this section shall apply to any fixed nets for taking eels or to a landing net used as auxiliary to angling with a rod and line.

(2.) Sections thirty-nine to forty-five, both inclusive, and section sixty-two of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1873 (which sections relate to byelaws under that Act, and to the recovery, payment, and application of penalties under those byelaws), shall apply as if the said sections were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to byelaws under this Act and to the penalties thereby imposed.

2. Fishery districts may be formed, and conservators appointed, for water frequented by any freshwater fish, and section six of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, shall apply as if " freshwater fish " were therein substituted for " trout or char, " and " salmon trout or char, " and section twenty-seven of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1865, shall apply as if "freshwater fish " were therein substituted for " salmon, " and any conservators so appointed shall have the powers conferred on conservators by the Salmon Fishery Act, 1876.

3. In substitution for section eight of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, which shall be repealed, it is hereby enacted that section thirty-one of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1865, and sections thirty-six, thirty-seven, and thirty-eight of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1873 (which sections relate to the powers of water bailiffs), shall

1884.

Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884. Ch. 11.

19

extend to all waters within the limits of this Act in like manner as if those sections were re-enacted in this Act, with the substitution of " freshwater fish " for " salmon, " and of " waters frequented by freshwater fish " for " salmon river, " and with a reference to the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, and this Act, in substitution for the reference to the Salmon .Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873, or any of them.

4. In the application of section sixty-four of the Salmon Fishery Explanation of Act, 1865, to trout and char in waters within the limits of the 41Sg 42 Jict* Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, the words "salmon river situate in '

" a fishery district which is subject to a board of conservators " appointed under this Act " shall be construed to mean " waters " frequented by trout or char."

5. Sub-heads (c.) and (d.) of sub-section three of section eleven Limitations of of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, shall be read and construed 41X 42°victl as if, after the word "taking, " in each of the said sub-heads, were c. 39. s. 11. inserted the words "in any several fishery, with the leave of the

" owner of such fishery, or in any public fishery, except where " such taking in a public fishery is prohibited by a byelaw of any " conservators."

6. This Act shall be construed as one with the Freshwater Short title and Fisheries Act, 1878, and that Act and this Act may together be ^truction 0 cited as the Freshwater Fisheries Acts, 1878 and 1884, and this Act may be cited alone as the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884.

In the construction of this Act, the expression "freshwater fish" means any fish living permanently or temporarily in fresh water, exclusive of salmon.

7. Any person who unlawfully and maliciously puts any poison, Prohibition of lime, or noxious material in any water frequented by freshwater

fish with intent thereby to destroy any of the fish that may then noxious sub-be or may thereafter be put therein shall be liable, on summary stances for conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or to imprison- of

ment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two months.

Nothing in this section shall prevent a person being punished under any other Act, so that he be not punished twice for the same offence.

8. This Act and the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, with the Application of exception of sub-sections one, two, and three of section eleven of

the latter Act, shall apply to the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk Suffolk, and the county of the city of Norwich, subject as follows:—

(a.) They shall apply to the waters to which the Norfolk and 40 & 4i Vict. Suffolk Fisheries Act, 1877, applies in like manner as if those c* xcyuu waters had been formed into a fishery district under this Act, and the conservators of the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries appointedJunder the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries Act, 1877, were a board of conservators appointed under this Act:

(b.) If in pursuance of this Act, and the enactments applied by this Act, one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, on application made to him, forms all or any of the waters to which the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries Act, 1877, does not apply in the said counties into a fishery district, the conservators of

20 Ch. 11, 12. Freshwater Fisheries , 1884. 47 Vict.

the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries shall be the board of conservators for the said district, in like manner as if thpy were appointed in accordance with the said enactments, and such of the said enactments as relate to the mode of appointing a board of conservators shall not apply.

So much of section three of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, as relates to the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, or the county of the city of Norwich, is hereby repealed.

Extent of Act. 9. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

Short title and construction.

Definitions.

(>) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 34. s. 128. Byelaws as to Slaughterhouses.

(*) 10 11 Vict. c. 89. ss. 68, 69. Byelaws as to Hackney Carriages and Pub-lieBathing.

(*) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 14.8.42. Byelaws as to Markets.

Confirmation of byelaws.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, so far as relates to the Confirmation of Byelaws.

[19th May 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords .Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Confirmation of Byelaws) Act, 1884, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health Act, 1875.

2. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the following expressions have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them; (that is to say,)

" Incorporated enactments" means section one hundred and twenty-eight of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, (*) sections sixty-eight and sixty-nine of the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847, (2) and section forty-two of the Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847, (3) which Acts are herein-after referred to as the incorporated Acts:

" Confirming authority " means, as regards byelaws, rules, and regulations confirmed prior to the nineteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, or made under any of the incorporated enactments by reason of the incorporation thereof with any Local Act and confirmed prior to the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and as regards other byelaws, rules, and regulations, the Local Government Board.

3. Every byelaw made or to be made under any of the incorporated enactments by reason of the incorporation thereof with the Public Health Act, 1848, the Local Government Act, 1858, or the Public Health Act, 1875, or any Local Act, or any Provisional Order or any Act confirming such Provisional Order, and every rule and regulation made or to be made by an urban authority under section forty-eight of the Tramways Act, 1870, shall be deemed to have required or to require the confirmation of the confirming authority, and not to have required, or to require any other confirmation, allowance, or approval.

2884. Public Health (Confirmation of Byelaw8) Act, 1884!. Ch. 12, 13.

21

4. This Act shall not invalidate the confirmation, allowance, or Saving clause, approval of any byelaw, rule, or regulation confirmed, allowed, or approved prior to the passing of this Act, nor shall this Act apply to any byelaw made or to be made under any of the incorporated enactments by reason of the incorporation thereof with any Local Act, if such byelaw has or will come into force without any confirmation, allowance, or approval, or if by the express provisions of the Local Act and without reference to the provisions with respect to confirmation, allowance, or approval of byelaws in any of the incorporated Acts, such byelaw is required to be confirmed, allowed, or approved otherwise thau by the confirming authority.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act,

1878.

[19th May 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Contagious Diseases 41 & 42 Vict. (Animals) Act, 1878, in this Act referred to as the principal c. 74.

Act:

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purpose of preventing the introduction into the ppwcr to Privy United Kingdom of the infection of foot and mouth disease, the Council to pro-Privy Council may from time to time by general or special order prohibit, whenever they deem it expedient so to do, the landing of animals in cer-animals from any foreign country or countries or any specified part tain cases, thereof, and they shall prohibit such landing whenever they are not satisfied with respect to any foreign country, or any specified part thereof, that having regard to the sanitary condition of the animals therein, or imported therefrom, to the laws made by such country for the regulation of the importation and‘exportation of animals, and for the prevention of the introduction or spreading of disease, and to the administration of such laws, the circumstances are such as to afford reasonable security against the importation therefrom, of animals affected with foot and mouth disease.

2. The provisions relating to quarantine contained in Part II. Extension of of the fifth schedule annexed to the principal Act shall apply to provisions animals brought from foreign countries from which the importation relating to

o q i Quarantine

of animals is for the time being prohibited.

3. The Privy Council may, if they think fit, exercise the powers Amendment vested in them under Part IV. of the said fifth schedule, so far as of 41 & 42 relates to the admission of animals without being subject to g^’y 7£*t 4 slaughter, in relation to any specified part of a foreign country’’’ in the same manner as in relation to the whole of a foreign country, subject to such regulations as to the route by which the animals are conveyed to this country, quarantine, or otherwise as

22

Ch. 13, 14. Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1884. 47 Vict.

Additional power to Privy Council.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 74.

Orders to be laid before Parliament.

Construction of Act and short title.

the Privy Council may from time to time by general or special order direct.

4. In addition to the powers conferred on the Privy Council by the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, the Privy Council may make such orders as they think fit for prohibiting the conveyance of animals by any specified vessel to or from any port in the United Kingdom for such time as they may consider expedient.

5. Any order made in pursuance of this Act shall forthwith after the making thereof, if Parliament is then sitting, and if it is not sitting then forthwith after the next meeting of Parliament, be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

6. This Act, so far as is consistent with the tenour thereof, shall be construed as one with the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, and shall apply to Ireland with the modifications and subject to the provisions contained in Part IV. of the principal Act, and this Act and the principal Act may be cited together as the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 and 1884, and this Act may be cited separately as the Contagious Diseases ("Animals) Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the sixteenth section of the Mamed Women’s Property Act, 1882.

[23rd June 1884.]

45 & 46 Vict. WHEREAS by section sixteen of the Married Women’s Pro-«• 75. \V perty Act, 1882, a wife is, under the circumstances therein mentioned, declared to be liable to criminal proceedings by her husband, and a doubt has arisen as to whether the husband is admissible as a witness against his wife in such criminal proceedings, while section twelve of the same Act declares that in any proceeding under that section a husband or wife shall be competent to give evidence against each other; and it is desirable that the said doubt should be removed, and the said Act otherwise amended: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Husband or l. In any such criminal proceeding against a husband or a wife wUnSsin6*604 85 authorised by the Married Women’s Property Act, 1882, the criminal pro- husband and wife respectively shall be competent and admissible ceedings under witnesses, and, except'when defendant, compellable to give evidence. tr' 2. This Act may be cited as the Married Women’s Property Act, 1884, and this Act and the Married Women’s Property Act, 1882, may be cited together as the Married Women’s Property Acts, 1882 and 1884.

Of, 40 V 1UI.

c. 75.

[Short title.]

1884.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1884. Ch. 15, 1C.

23

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to apply the sum of six million five hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

[23rd June 1884.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, the sum of six million five hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time, on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of six million five hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1884.

Issue of 6, 519, 368/. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1885.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to apply to Scotland certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

[23rd June 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to apply to Scotland, in manner herein-after provided, certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883:

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

24

Oh.16. Bankruptcy Frauds and Di8ah c£, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Extension of definition of undischarged bankrupt.

Undischarged bankrupt obtaining credit to extent of 20/. to be guilty of crime and offence.

Application to Scotland of s. 32 of tho Bankruptcy Act, 1883, in regard to disqualifications of bankrupt.

Application to Scotland of ss. 33 and 34 of Bankruptcy Act, 1883, in regard to bankrupt’s vacating seat in House of Commons or municipal or other offices.

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (Scotland) Act, 1884.

2. This Act shall commence and come into operation from and immediately after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

3. An undischarged bankrupt shall be deemed to include a person whose estate has been sequestrated or with respect to whom a decree of ces3io bonorum has been pronounced, and who has not received his discharge from a competent court in Scotland.

4. Where an undischarged bankrupt obtains credit to the extent of twenty pounds or upwards from any person without informing such person that he is an undischarged bankrupt, be shall be guilty of a crime and offence, and may be dealt with and punished as if he had been guilty of a crime and offence under the Debtors (Scotland) Act, 1880, and the provisions of that Act shall apply to proceedings under this section.

5. In the application of section thirty-two of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, to Scotland the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The expression "adjudged bankrupt" shall include the case of a person whose estate has been sequestrated or with respect to whom a decree of cessio bonorum has been pronounced by a competent court in Scotland.

(2.) A person adjudged bankrupt shall be disqualified from being elected to or holding or exercising the office of provost, bailie, treasurer, dean of guild, deacon-convener of trades or councillor, or commissioner or magistrate of police, or being elected to or holding or exercising the office of member of a parochial board or school board, or road trustee, or member of any local authority under any Act for the time being in force (whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act) relating to local government in Scotland.

(3.) The disqualifications to which a person adjudged bankrupt is subject under the said section as amended by this Act shall be removed and cease if and when —

(a.) the sequestration of his estate is recalled or reduced, or the decree of cessio bonorum with respect to him is recalled or reduced; or

(b.) he obtains his discharge from a competent court.

6. Sections thirty-three and thirty-four of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, shall apply to Scotland, subject to the following provisions:

(1.) In each of the said sections the expression "adjudged bankrupt " shall have the meaning assigned to it in the immediately preceding section of this Act.

(2.) In the said section thirty-three the expression "order" shall include " deliverance or decree, " and the expression "court " shall include the court in Scotland pronouncing the deliverance or decree.

(3.) The said section thirty-four shall be deemed to apply to any person whilst holding the office of provost, bailie, treasurer, dean of guild, deacon-convener of trades or councillor, or commissioner or

1884. Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (<S.) Act, 1884. Ch. 16, 17.

25

magistrate of police, or member of a parochial board or school board, or road trustee, or member of any local authority under any Act for the time being in force (whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act) relating to local government in Scotland.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to provide for the appointment of an additional Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis and for other purposes relating to the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of such Police.

[23rd June 1884.]

WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Police Act, 1856, and the 19 & soviet.

Police Rate Act, 1868, power is given to Her Majesty to «• 2. appoint two assistant commisioners of the police of the Metropolis, 816^ 32 v, ct* and provision is made respecting the salaries and allowances of such assistant commissioners, and it is expedient to authorise the appointment of a third assistant commissioner:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Act, 1884.

The Acts in the schedule to this Act may be cited by the short titles mentioned in that behalf in the third column of that schedule.

This Act together with the Acts in the schedule to this Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1884.

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to appoint a fit person to Appointment

be a third assistant commissioner of police of the metropolis, and ofadditionftl

the Metropolitan Police Act, 1856, and the Police Rate Act, 1868, mbsionerI50m"

shall apply in like manner as if three assistant commissioners of 19 & 20 Vict.

police of the metropolis were therein mentioned instead of two. c- 2.

* 1 Vict.

Provided that the salary and allowances of the assistant com- c> 67.

missioner appointed in pursuance of this Act shall be paid as part

of the expenses of the Metropolitan Police.

3. (1.) Section three of the Police Rate Act, 1868, with respect Amendment of to the allowances to an assistant commissioner of police shall apply 31 32 vict* as if the commissioner of police of the metropolis were therein s. 3 7 and mentioned as well as the assistant commissioners. 38 & 39 Vict.

(2.) The Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875, c’28* shall apply to the commissioner and assistant commissioners of the Metropolitan Police so far as respects any salary, remuneration, or emolument received or enjoyed by any of them out of the expenses of the Metropolitan Police Force.

26

Ch. 17, 18. Metropolitan Police Act, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict.

[Short title.]

Interpretation.

Construction of Act.

Fine on a lease to be capital money.

SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44. An Act for improving the police in and near the Metropolis. The Metropolitan Police. Act, 1829.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 47 - An Act for further improving the police in and near the Metropolis. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1839.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 2 - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1866.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 64 - An Act for raising a sum of money for building and improving stations of the Metropolitan Police and to amend the Acts concerning the Metropolitan Police. An Act for amending the; law relating to the receiver for the Metropolitan Police district and for other purposes. An Act to amend the law relating to the funds provided for defraying the expenses of the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1857.

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict. c. 124- The Metropolitan Police Act, 1861.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 67 - The Police Rate Act, 1868.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 28 - An Act to amend the law respecting the superannuation allowances of certain officers of the staff of the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the Settled Land Act, 1882.

[3rd July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Settled Land Act, 1884.

2. The expression "the Act of 1882 " used in this Act means the Settled Land Act, 1882.

3. The Act of 1882 and this Act are to be read and construed together as one Act, and expressions used in this Act are to have the same meanings as those attached by the Act of 1882 to similar expressions used therein.

4. A fine received on the grant of a lease under any power conferred by the Act of 1882 is to be deemed capital money arising under that Act.

1884.

Settled Land Act, 1884. Ch. 18.

27

5. (1.) The notice required by section forty-five of the Act of Notice under

1882 of intention to maKe a sale, exchange, partition, or lease may 45'& 46 Vict, be notice of a general intention in that behalf. mar’as to a

(2.7 The~ tenant tor life is, upon inquest by a trustee of the sale, exchange, settlement, to furnish to him such particulars and information as partition, or may reasonably be required by him from time to time with ^reference to sales, excnahg ^, partitions, or leased effected, or in 6 progress, or immediately intended.

(3.) Any trustee, by writing under his hand, may waive notice either in any particular case, or generally, and may accept less than one months notice. ~

(CpThis section applies to a notice given before, as well as to a notice given after, the passing of this Act.

(5.) Provided that a notice, to the sufficiency of which objection has been taken before the passing of this Act, is not made sufficient by virtue of this Act.

6. (1.) In the case of a settlement within the meaning of section As to consents sixty-three of the Act of 1882, any consent not required by the tenants for

_ terms of the settlement is not by force ot anytning contained in life"

~~ that Act to be deemed necessary to enable the trustees of' the settlement, or any other person, to execute any of the trusts or powers created by the settlement.

(2.) In the case of every other settlement, not within the meaning of section sixty-three of the Act of 1882, where two or more persons together constitute the tenant for life for the purposes of that Act, then, notwithstanding anything contained in subsection (2.) of section fifty-six of that Act, requiring the consent of all those persons, the consent of one only of those persons is by force of that section to be deemed necessary to the exercise by the trustees of the settlement, or by any other person, of any power conferred by the settlement exerciseable for any purpose provided for in that Act.

(3.) This section applies to dealings before, as well as after, the passing of this Act.

7. With respect to the powers conferred by section sixty-three Powers given

of the Act of 1882, the following provisions are to have effect: — *>y s. 63 to be

(i.) Those powers are not to be exercised without the leave of the ^SCieave°ofy Court. the Court.

(ii.) The Court may by order, in any case in which it thinks fit, jfa

give leave to exercise all or any of those powers, and the order L —

is to name the person or Demons to whom leave is given. JcCCTpiv TTc

iii.) The (Jourt may from time to time rescind, or vary, any /ga/^ order made under this section, or may make any new or farther

order.

(iv.) So long as an order under this section is in force, neither the trustees of the settlement, nor any person other than a person having the leave, shall execute any trust or power created by the settlement, for any purpose Tor which leave is by the order given, to exercise a power conferred by the Act of 1882.

(v.) 4n order under this section may be registered and re-registered, as a lis pendens, against the trustees of the settle-

28

Ch. 18, 19.

Settled Land Act, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict.

Curtesy to be deemed to arise under se&le- -meat.

[Short title.]

Extension of Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

Summary trial of children for indictable offences unless objected to by parent or guardian.

ment named in the order, describing them on the register as " Trustees for the purposes of the Settled Land Act, 1882."

(vi.) Any person dealing with the trustees from time to time, or with any other person acting under the trusts or powers of the settlement, is not to be affected by an order under this sec-i tion, unless and until the order is duly registered, and when necessary re-registered as a lis pendens.

((vii.) An application to the Court under this section fnay be made by the fenant for life, or by the persons who together constitute the tenant for life, within the meaning of Section

— tftg Act' ori882.

(viii.) An application to rescind or vary an order, or to make any new or further order under this section, may be made also by the trustees of the settlement, or by any person beneficially interested under the settlement.

(ix.) The person or persons to whom leave is given by an order (under this section, shall be deemed the proper person or*persons I to exercise thfi powers conferred by yecliun siAty^three"of the Act of 1882, and shall have, and "Way exercise those powers

accordingly. 1 -

(x.) This section is not to affect any dealing which has taken place before the passing of this Act, under any trust or power to which this section applies.

8. For the purposes of the Act of 1882 the estate of a tenant by the curtesy is to be deemed an estate arising uriderH'Settleiuenl' "made by Ills wife.----

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts so far as they relate to Children and young Persons.

[3rd July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Summary Jurisdiction over Children (Ireland) Act, 1884).

2. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

4. (1.) Where a child is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction with any indictable offence other than homicide, the court, if they think it expedient so to do, and if the parent or guardian of the child so charged, when informed by the court of his right to have the child tried by a jury, does not object to the child being dealt with summarily, may deal summarily with the offence, and inflict the same description of punishment as might have been inflicted had the case been tried on indictment:

1884. Summary Jurisdiction over Children Act, 1884. Ch. 19.

29

Provided that — ,

(a.) A sentence of penal servitude shall not be passed, but imprisonment shall be substituted therefor; and (6.) Where imprisonment is awarded the term shall not in any case exceed one month; and (c.) Where a fine is awarded the amount shall not in any case exceed forty shillings; and (d.) When the child is a male the court may, instead of any other punishment, adjudge the child to be, as soon as practicable, privately whipped with not more than six strokes of a birch rod by a constable, in the presence of an inspector or other officer of police of higher rank than a constable, and also in the presence, if he desires to be present, of the parent or guardian of the child.

(2.) For the purpose of a proceeding under this section, the court of summary jurisdiction, at any time during the hearing of the case at which they become satisfied by the evidence that it is expedient to deal with the case summarily, shall cause the charge to be reduced into writing and read to the parent or guardian of the child, and then address a question to such parent or guardian to the following effect: " Do you desire the child to be tried by a " jury, and object to the case being dealt with summarily ? " with a statement, if the court think such statement desirable for the information of such parent or guardian, of the meaning of the case being dealt with summarily, and of the assizes or sessions (as the case may be) at which the child will be tried if tried by a jury.

(3.) Where the parent or guardian of a child is not present when the child is charged with an indictable offence before a court of summary jurisdiction, the court may, if they think it just so to do, remand the child for the purpose of causing notice to be served on such parent or guardian, with a view, so far as is practicable, of securing his attendance at the hearing of the charge, or the court may, if they think it expedient so to do, deal with the case summarily.

(4.) This section shall not prejudice the right of a court of summary jurisdiction to send a child to a reformatory or industrial school.

(5.) This section shall not render punishable for an offence any child who is not, in the opinion of the court before whom he is charged, above the age of seven years and of sufficient capacity to commit crime.

5. (1.) Where a young person is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction with any indictable offence specified in the schedule to this Act, the court, if they think it expedient so to do, having regard to the character and antecedents of the person charged, the nature of the offence, and all the circumstances of the case, and if the young person charged with the offence, when informed by the court of his right to be tried by a jury, consents to be dealt with summarily, may deal summarily with the offence, and in their discretion adjudge such person, if found guilty of the offence, either to pay a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or to be imprisoned with or without hard labour, for any term not

Summary trial •with consent of young persons.

so

C. 19. Summary Jurisdiction over Child 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Restriction on punishment of child for summary offence.

Power of court to discharge accused children and young persons without punishment

Appeals and form of conviction.

exceeding three months; and if the young person is a male, and, in the opinion of the court, under the age of fourteen years, the court, if they think it expedient so to do, may, either in substitution for or in addition to any other punishment under this Act, adjudge such young person to be, as soon as practicable, privately whipped with not more than twelve strokes of a birch rod by a constable, in the presence of an inspector or other officer of police of higher rank than a constable, and also in the presence, if he desires to be present, of the parent or guardian of such young person.

(2.) For the purpose of a proceeding under this section, the court, at any time during the hearing of the case at which they become satisfied by the evidence that it is expedient to deal with the case summarily, shall cause the charge to be reduced into writing and read to the young person charged, and then address a question to him to the following effect: "Do you desire to be " tried by a jury, or do you consent to the case being dealt with " summarily 1 " with a statement, if the court think such statement desirable for the information of the young person to whom the question is addressed, of the meaning of the case being dealt with summarily, and of the assizes or sessions (as the case may be) at which he will be tried if tried by a jury.

(3.) This section shall not prejudice the right of a court of summary jurisdiction to send a young person to a reformatory or an industrial school

6. A child on summary conviction for an offence punishable on summary conviction under this Act, or under any other Act, whether past or future, shall not be imprisoned for a longer period than one month nor fined a larger sum than forty shillings.

7. If upon the hearing of a charge against children and young persons for an offence punishable on summary conviction under this Act, or under any other Act, whether past or future, the court of summary jurisdiction think that, though the charge is proved, the offence was in the particular case of so trifling a nature that it is inexpedient to inflict any punishment, or any other than a nominal punishment, —

(1.) The court, without proceeding to conviction, may dismiss the information, and, if the court think fit, may order the person charged to pay such damages, not exceeding forty shillings, and such costs of the proceeding, or either of them, as the court think reasonable; or,

(2.) The court upon convicting the person charged may discharge him conditionally on his giving security, with or without sureties, to appear for sentence when called upon, or to be of good behaviour, and either without payment of damages and costs, or subject to the payment of such damages and costs, or either of them, as the court think reasonable.

8. (a.) The enactments in force in the Dublin Metropolitan Police District relative to appeals in cases of summary jurisdiction, and the enactments of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, relative to appeals in the like cases, shall respectively extend to cases heard and determined in such district, and elsewhere in Ireland, under this Act.

1884. Summary Jurisdiction over Children (I.) Act, 1884. Ch. 19. 31

(b.) Every conviction under this Act shall contain a statement, in the case of a child, as to the consent or otherwise of his parent or guardian, and, in the case of a young person, of the consent of such young person, to be tried by a court of summary jurisdiction.

9. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings Definitions for herein-after respectively assigned to them; that is to say, purposes of the

The expression "child" means a person who in the opinion of Act the court before whom he is brought is under the age of twelve years:

The expression "young person" means a person who in the opinion of the court before whom he is brought is of the age of twelve years and under the age of sixteen years:

The expression "guardian, " in relation to a child or young person, includes any person who, in the opinion of the court having cognizance of any case in which a child or young person is concerned, has for the time being the charge of or control over such child or young person:

The expression "court of summary jurisdiction " shall, in the police district of Dublin metropolis, mean a court constituted of a divisional justice acting for the said district, and elsewhere in Ireland shall mean a court constituted of one or more justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions.

SCHEDULE.

Indictable Offences which can be dealt with Summarily

UNDER THIS ACT.

Yov/ng Persons consen.

1. Simple larceny.

2. Offences declared by any Act for the time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny.

3. Larceny from or stealing from the person.

4. Larceny as a clerk or servant.

5. Embezzlement by a clerk or servant.

6. Receiving stolen goods.

7. Aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring the commission of simple larceny, or of an offence declared by any Act for the time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny, or of larceny or stealing from the person, or of larceny as a clerk or servant.

8. Attempt to commit simple larceny, or an offence declared by any Act for the time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny, or to commit larceny from or steal from the person, or to commit larceny as a clerk or servant.

This Act shall apply to any of the following offences when alleged to have been committed by a young person in like manner as if such offence were included in the schedule; that is to say,

(1.) To any offence in relation to railways and railway carriages mentioned in sections thirty-two and thirty-three of the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred, intituled, "An Act to consolidate and amend the statute law of England and Ireland relating " to offences against the person "; and

(2.) To any offence relating to railways mentioned in section thirty-five of the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of

32

Ch. 19, 20. Summary Jurisdiction over CkUdren(I.) Act. 47 & 48 Vict.

the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-seven, intituled " An Act to consolidate and amend the statute law of England and Ireland *relating to malicious injuries to property"; and (3.) To any indictable offence, either under the Post Office Laws or prosecuted by Her Majesty's Postmaster-General; and for the purpose of this provision the expression "Post Office Laws " has the same meaning as it has in the Act of the session of the seventh year of the reign of King William the Fourth and the first year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-six, intituled " An Act for " consolidating the laws relative to offences against the Post Office of the United Kingdom, and for regulating the judicial administration of the Post Office Laws, and for explaining certain terms " and expressions employed in those laws, " and the Acts amending the same.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages of Members of the Greek Church in England.

[3rd July 1884.]

WHEREAS it is alleged that certain marriages have been from time to time, between the years one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six and one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, solemnized between members of the Greek Church in the Greek Chapel then situate at 9, Finsbury Circus, in the City of London, and afterwards, within the said period, at London Wall, in the said City:

And that similar marriages have beeu from time to time, within the said period, solemnized at the residences of members of the said Church:

And that such marriages were respectively solemnized in conformity with the rights and ceremonies of the Greek Church by a priest of that Church, and entries of the said respective marriages so solemnized have from time to time been made in the register book kept for that purpose at the said chapels respectively, or otherwise, in the custody of the said priest:

And that the said marriages were respectively solemnized in the belief that the aforesaid conformity to and compliance with the rites and ceremonies of the Greek Church constituted a compliance with the law of England:

And whereas objections may be made to the validity of such marriages, by reason of the same not having been solemnized in any consecrated or licensed church or chapel of the Church of England, or in any registered building, or at the office of the Registrar, and not having been solemnized after due publication of banns, or under licence or special licence, or in the presence of a Clerk in Holy Orders of the Church of England, or a Registrar of marriages, and it is expedient to confirm, in the manner and subject to the proviso herein-after mentioned, any marriage which may have been contracted in the manner and under the circumstances aforesaid, notwithstanding all or any of the aforesaid defects:

1884.

Greek Marriages Act, 1884. Ch. 20.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Any party to any such marriage as aforesaid, and any child Certain mar-or grandchild of any such party, and any person interested in the "impel^m validity of any such marriage, may respectively apply to the Finsbury Probate and Matrimonial Division of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice by petition, praying the Court for a decree declaring that ^atresidence such marriage was a valid marriage; and the said Court shall have of members of jurisdiction to hear and determine such application, and shall, if an entry of such marriage shall appear to have been duly made upon the register book aforesaid, and if the Court be satisfied that such marriage was solemnized in the manner and in the belief aforesaid, and was in all other respects good and lawful, declare the same to have been a valid marriage, notwithstanding all or any of the defects aforesaid: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend to render valid any marriage which before the passing thereof has been declared invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction in any proceeding touching such marriage, or any right dependent on the validity or invalidity thereof, or any marriage where either of the parties thereto has afterwards during the life of the other intermarried with any other person.

Any petition under this Act shall be accompanied by such affidavit verifying the same as the said Court may from time to time direct.

In respect of all matters and things by this Act not specially provided for, the provisions of sections five, six, and seven of the Act 21 and 22 Vict. c. 93. shall mutatis mutandis apply, and all proceedings under this Act shall be had and taken in conformity therewith, and with such of the rules for the time being in force with reference to applications to the Court under the said Act as may be applicable, or with such rules as the Judges of the said Court for the time being authorised to make rules may from time to time prescribe.

2. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that the status Saving for of any person or any right of any person to any real or personal property or any estate or interest of any such person in any real or depen-personal property which may be dependent on the invalidity of any dent on in-such marriage shall not be altered, taken away, or injuriously affected by any decree made under the provisions of this Act; but

shall be and remain as valid and effectual in law to all intents and purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

3. The priest of the Greek Church, or other the person in whose Certificates of custody the register books relating to such marriages as aforesaid (JJ^Sedto* shall be kept, on the passing of this Act, shall forthwith transmit Probate and to the Registrar of the Probate and Matrimonial Registry a copy Matrimonial signed by him of the register aforesaid, and the said Registrar shall gwtry‘ receive and preserve the same in the said Registry.

4. This Act may be cited as the Greek Marriages Act, 1884. Short

C

u

Ch. 21. Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund (I.), 1884. 47 & 48 Vice.

37 & 88 Vict. c. 86.

CHAPTER 2L

An Act to provide for the better administration of the Fond under the control of the Trustees to aid the Sea and Coast Fisheries of Ireland; and for other purposes in relation thereto.

[3rd July 1884.]

WHEREAS certain moneys, which are in this Act referred to as the Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund, being the residue of a larger sum collected by public subscription for the relief of distress in Ireland in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, are now vested in trustees known as the Trustees to aid Sea and Coast Fisheries of Ireland, and are held by such trustees upon trust to apply the same for promoting and encouraging the Coast Fisheries in Ireland:

And whereas it is expedient for the more efficient and economic administration of the said fund that it should be transferred to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and the said Commissioners have, with the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, agreed to such transfer, and it is expedient that the said transfer should be carried into effect:

And whereas under the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874, the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund is held by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland upon trust, to dispose of the same by way of loan for the purposes of the said Act, and is appropriated among the counties enumerated in the schedule to the said Act in the proportions specified in that schedule:

And whereas certain of the said counties in the said schedule abut upon the sea, and others do not:

And whereas the purposes of the said Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874, include, in the case of the counties so abutting on the sea, certain purposes, in the said Act referred to as fishery purposes, and such fishery purposes, or some of them, are similar to those provided for by the trust of the said Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund:

And whereas the counties so abutting on the sea as aforesaid for which provision has been made by the said Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874, are herein-after referred to as the endowed counties:

And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland should have power to administer the said Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund, when transferred to them, by way of loan for such fishery purposes as are referred to in the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874, in all or any of the counties of Ireland which abut upon the sea (in this Act referred to as " the maritime counties "), but that the said Commissioners should nevertheless in so administering the said fund thave regard to the benefits conferred on the endowed counties by the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund, and should, so far as is consistent with justice, to the extent of such benefits give a preference to the maritime counties which are not so endowed:

85

1884. Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund (Ireland) Act, 1884. Ch. 21.

Be it therefore 'enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund (Ireland) Act, 1884.

2. All property of every description, including all interests and Transfer of rights in, to, and out of property, and including obligations and propertytothe things in action, which may form part of the Sea and Coast of°Public10ne" Fisheries Fund, or may be vested in or under the control of the Works in Trustees to aid Sea and Coast Fisheries of Ireland, or any of them Ireland-

as such trustees, or in or under the control of any other person whatsoever, as part or on account of the said fund, shall from and after the passing of this Act pass to and vest in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland (in this Act referred to as the Commissioners), subject to all debts and liabilities affecting the same, and immediately after the passing of this Act the said trustees shall transfer to the Commissioners all books, securities, papers, documents, and other property of every description held or possessed by them.

The Commissioners may enforce in their own name, or in the name of their secretary for the time being, or any such other person as they may direct, any remedies for the recovery of any portion of the said fund which if this Act had not passed might have been enforced by the said trustees, or any of them, or any person on their behalf, and any sums of money due to the trustees at the time of the passing of this Act shall be considered as due ix> the Commissioners, and may be sued for and recovered by the Commissioners in the same manner as if such moneys had been lent by them and not by the trustees.

All moneys, stocks, and securities standing in the books of the Bank of Ireland in the name of the said trustees or any of them or any other person on account of the said fund shall be entered in or transferred to the name of the Commissioners, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are hereby authorised and required to make such entry or transfer.

3. The Commissioners shall hold the Sea and Coast Fisheries Application of Fund hereby transferred to them upon trust to dispose thereof for fu.nd? by Com" the benefit of the maritime counties, care being taken, so far as is practicable, to do equal justice between the said counties; and for the purpose of so doing justice it shall be the duty of the Commissioners in applying the Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund to give a preference to the maritime counties which are not endowed over the endowed counties to the extent of such endowment; and further it shall be the duty of the Commissioners in applying the said Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund to the endowed counties to give a preference as between such counties to those counties which have a less endowment over those which have a greater endowment to the extent of the difference between such endowments.

36

Certain provisions of 37 & 38 Vict. c. 86. and 45 Vict. c. 16. incorporated.

Compensation for Iocs of employment.

Ch. 21. Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund (/.) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

4. There shall be incorporated with this Act:

(1.) The following provisions of the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874; that is to say,

(a.) So much of section five as relates to the interest to he charged in respect of loans, and to the persons to whom and the security upon which loans for fishery purposes are to be made, and to the mode of testifying the recommendation of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries relating to any such loan; and (6.) Section six, relating to the recovery of loans, including any costs and charges incurred in respect of such loans; and (c.) Section seven, relating to the investment of moneys in the hands of the Commissioners and not employed by them in loans; and (d) Section eight, relating to a certificate stating the amount due to the Commissioners from any person in respect of a loan made to him, together with interest thereon; and

(e.) Section nine, relating to the recovery of a loan and of all moneys due to the Commissioners in respect thereof in case the Commissioners are satisfied that the borrower is not carrying into effect the undertaking for which the loan was made; and (/.) Section ten, relating to the making, rescinding, annulling, and adding to rules by the Lord Lieutenant in Council, and to the validity of such rules, and to the judicial notice thereof, and the duty of the Commissioners, and of the inspectors of fisheries to conform thereto; and (g.) Section twelve, relating to the rendering of accounts, and to the submission of such accounts, or a summary thereof, to Parliament; and

(2.) The following provisions of the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Amendment Act, 1882; that is to say,

(a.) Section three, relating to the supply of boats or fishing gear in lieu of money to persons obtaining loans; and (b.) Section four, relating to the recovery of moneys due to the Commissioners on account of loans; and (c.)Section five, relating to a certificate stating the amount due to the Commissioners from any person in respect of a loan, together with interest thereon, and any costs and charges in respect of such loan or the recovery thereof; so far as the said sections are applicable to and not inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Act; and, for the purposes of such incorporation, the said sections shall be construed as if all references therein to the said Acts, or either of them, were references to this Act, and the loans therein referred to were loans under this Act.

5. The Commissioners may pay out of the fund hereby transferred to them a sum of five hundred pounds to the secretary of the trustees as compensation for the determination of his employment as such secretary.

1 884. Loans for Schools and Training Colleges (I.) Act, 1884. Ch. 22. 37

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Buildings of Non-vested National Schools and Training Colleges in Ireland.

[3rd July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Loans for Schools and Training Colleges (Ireland) Act, 1884.

2. In addition to the purposes for which loans may be made Loans for tinder the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Acts, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may, in such cases as training col-they may judge expedient, subject to such rules as may from time leges, to time be made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, make loans for the purpose of assisting any person in the erection, enlargement, structural improvement, or purchase of a house to be used as a non-vested national school or training college, or in the enlargement or structural improvement of any existing non-vested national school or training college, or in the acquisition or improvement of a farm, not exceeding twenty-five acres in extent, connected with a non-vested national school or training college, to be used for the purpose of agricultural instruction, or for the purpose of discharging any debt due and incurred before the nineteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four in the erection, enlargement, structural improvement, or purchase of a house to be used as a training college.

Such loans shall only be made oh the recommendation of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland.

3. When any loan is made under this Act, the Commissioners Insurance of of Public Works may from time to time, if they think fit, insure ^ch8loans against damage by fire all buildings charged with the repayment have been of such loan, in such insurance office, and for such sum as the made‘ Commissioners think fit; and all premiums paid on account of such insurance shall be deemed to be included in every charge and security whereby the repayment of such loan is secured, and shall be forthwith recoverable in like manner as any instalment of the rentcharge payable in respect of such loan.

4. Loans under this Act shall be repaid by the payment to Her Provisions Majesty of an annual rentcharge at the rate of five pounds for Land every hundred pounds advanced on account thereof, and so in pro- Act/t^apRly portion for any less amount, and such rentcharge shall be payable to loans under for the term of thirty-five years, and all lands on which any house this Act-or building may stand which is erected, enlarged, improved, or purchased wholly or partly by means of a loan under this Act, and any such house or building, and any other land acquired or improved wholly or partly by means of a loan under this Act, shall be charged with the payment of such loan; and, so far as is consistent with this Act, all the provisions of the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Acts relating to loans, and the priority, repayment, and

38 Ch. 22, 23. Loam for Schools & Training Colleges(I.) Act. 47 & 48 Vict.

recovery thereof and otherwise, shall apply to loans made under this Act and the priority, repayment, and recovery of such loans and otherwise in relation thereto, and the said Acts and this Act shall he read together and construed as one, save so far as this Act may be inconsistent with those Acts, or any of them.

The Commissioners of Public Works may further, if they think fit, for the purpose of securing the repayment of a loan under this Act, take the security of at least three persons, of whose sufficiency and solvency the said Commissioners are satisfied, such security to be subject to such conditions as the said Commissioners think proper.

Interpretation. 5- In this Act the term " Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Acts" means the Act of the session of the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-two, intituled " An Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property " in Ireland, " and any Acts amending or extending the same; and the term "non-vested national school" has the same meaning as

38 & 89 Vict, in the National School Teachers Residences (Ireland) Act, 1875.

•. 82.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act for giving Facilities for the Conversion of Three per Cent. Stock into Stock of a Lower Denomination, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[3rd July 1884.]

Creation of new 2f per cent, stock and of additional 2$ per cent, stock.

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Subject to the limitation in this Act mentioned, the Treasury may at any time and from time to time within two years after the passing of this Act, by warrant [addressed to the ±5ank, direct —

(a) that stock shall be created, consisting of perpetual annuities yielding Dividends at the rate of two pounds fifteen shillings per cent, per annum, which stock may be called two and three-quarters per cent, stock; and (b) that an additional amount of two and a half per cent, stock shall be created;

or give either of such directions: Provided that the amount of stock so directed to be created shall not be more than the Treasury, on the recommendation of the National Debt Commissioners, from time to time deem sufficient for the purpose of exchange under this Act.

(2.) The two and three-quarters per cent, stock, and two and a half per cent, stock, shall not be redeemable until the fifth day of January one thousand nine hundred and five, but on and after such day shall be redeemable by Parliament after not less than one i month’s notice at the rate of one hundred pounds^terling lor every Hundred pounds of the capital sums in respect of which the annuities

39

1884. National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884. Ch. 23.

are payable, together with the payment of all arrears of such annuities, including a proportionate part accrued since the last date for the payment of dividends.

(3.) Such notice shall be a resolution of the House of Commons signified by the Speaker in writing and printed in the London Gazette; and the portion of stock redeemed at one time shall not be ^lesg, in the case of tworand three-quarters per cent, stock, than five million pounds capital stock, and in the case of two and a half per cent, stock, than fourteen million pounds capital stock; but subject as aforesaid, the mode of redemption shall be determined by mi Act to be hereafter passed.

(4.) The two and three-quarters per cent, stock of annuities shall form part of the National Debt, and shall be payable by equal / Quarterly dividends on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of October in every year.

(5.) The annuities created in pursuance of this Act shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and paid out of the permanent annual charge of the National Debt, and the provisions of the National Debt Act, 1870, shall apply in the 33 & 34 Vict same manner, so far as may be consistently with the tenour of c*71* this Act, as if the stocks of annuities created in pursuance of this Act were part of the stocks of perpetual annuities described in the First Schedule to the National Debt Act, 1870; and the two and -a half per cent, stock created under this Act shall be consolidated with the two and a half per cent, stock mentioned in the said Schedule; and the Treasury may by Warrant declare that the two and three-quarters per cent, stock shall be subject to Part Five of the said Act.

2. — (1.) The Treasury may make arrangements whereby three Exchange of per cent, stock may be exchanged for either two and three-quarters per cent, stock, 'or IoP IWO and a half per cent, stock, at a rate not p^Ccent!°or exceeding one hundred and two pounds of two and three-quarters 2\ per cent per cent, stock, or one hundred and eight pounds of twtf and a half8tock* per cent, stock for every hundred pounds of three per cent, stock, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum than one hundred pounds.

(2.) For the purpose of effecting such exchange the Bank shall cancel in their books as from the date of the exchange the amount to be exchanged of three per cent, stock standing in the name of the person making the exchange, and shall inscribe in their books in the name of such person the amount of two and three-quarters per cent, stock, or of two and a half per cent stock (as the case may be), to be given in exchange for the three per cent, stock so cancelled.

3. — -(1.) At the expiration of each of such periods as the Treasury Adjustment of from time to time fix, not exceeding twelve months, an account shall accounts as to_ be taken of the pecuniary results of the operations under this Act during that period; and if during that period there has been by under Bill, reason of such operations an increase in the nominal capital amount of the national debt, the Treasury shall forthwith create in the na*nes of the National Debt Commissioners terminable annuities of such amount as, if based on a rate of interest of two and a half per

40:

Provision as to increase of charge arising from earlier payment of dividends.

Adaptation of 43 & 44 Vict. c. 36. ss. 3 and to 2$ and 2} per cent, stock.

Power of court, trustees, &c. in relation to exchange of stock.

Ch. 23. National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884. 47 & 48V ict.

cent per annum, will within a period not exceeding fifty years from the date of creation, extinguish the amount of the said increase; and such annuities shall he charged on the consolidated fund and paid out of the permanent annual charge of the national debt, and shall he applied by the National Debt Commissioners, in like manner as if the same were part of the new sinking fund.

(2.) If the said account shows with respect to the said period, that any such diminution in the annual charge for the dividends of the national debt as has arisen from the operations under this Act, exceeds the annual amount of the terminable annuities created under this section, the amount of such excess shall be deemed to be the net saving from the operations of this Act, and the permanent annual charge of the national debt shall be reduced by the amount of such saving.

(3.) The Treasury may from time to time redeem out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, all or any part of the terminable annuities created in pursuance of this section, and the permanent annual charge of the National Debt shall be reduced by the amount of the terminable annuities so redeemed.

4. — (1.) Where by reason of any exchange of stock in pursuance of this Act an increase of charge for the annual dividends of the National Debt arises in one financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March, and the amount of such increase would but for such exchange have been a charge in the next financial year, the Treasury may borrow all or so much as they think fit of the amount of such increase, and may borrow the same by means of terminable annuities of such amount as will pay off the loan within a period not exceeding twenty years, and such annuities shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund and shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge of the National Debt.

(2.) The Treasury may from time to time redeem out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof the said annuities or any part thereof, and the permanent annual charge of the National Debt shall be reduced by the amount of any annuities so redeemed.

5. Regulations made in pursuance of the Savings Banks Act, 1880, with respect to investments in and sales of stock through the medium of trustee and post office savings banks may provide for investments in two and three-quarters per cent, stock and in two and a half per cent, stock, or in either of such stocks, and may provide for any depositor credited with any three per cent, stock, in pursuance of the said Act, exchanging such stock for two and three-quarters per cent, stock, and two and a half per cent, stock, or either of such stocks, in manner provided by the said regulations and for the purpose of regulations made in pursuance of this section, the expression "Government stock " in the Savings Banks Act, 1880, shall be deemed to include two and three-quarters per cent, stock and two and a half per cent, stock.

6. — (1.) Where any three per cent, stock is standinguPthe name of any of the following officers, namely, —

(a.) Her Majesty's Paymaster General, on behalf of the High Court of Justice in England f or

1884. Rationed Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884. Ch. 23. 41

(b.) the Accountant to the Court of Session in Scotland; or (c.) the Accountant General of the consolidated accounting office of the High Court of Justice in Ireland; the Treasury, with the approval, in the case of England, of the Lord Chancellor, and in the case of Scotland, of the Lord Advocate, and in the case of Ireland, of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, may make regulations as to the mode in which such stock may, with the consent of the person to whom the dividends on such stock are for the time being payable, or, if any other person is entitled to or interested in the stock, or the dividends are being accumulated, then with the consent, in the case of England or Ireland^of the judge of the High Court of Justice to whose court the cause or matter to the credit of which the stock is standing is attached, or where the cause or matter is not so attached, then with the consent of any judge of the said Court, and with the consent, in the case of Scotland, of the Court of Session, be exchanged for two and three-quarters per cent, stock or two and a half per cent, stock in manner provided by this Act.

(2.) Where the person to whom such dividends are payable receives the same as trustee, committee of a lunatic, guardian of an infant, or otherwise m a fiduciary character, he may, subject to any provision of the aforesaid arrangements, give the aforesaid consent.

(3.) Where any three per cent, stock is standing in the name of the official trustees of charitable funds, an exchange in pursuance of this Act sMTT not be made except on the request or with the consent of the trustees or persons acting in the administration of the charity to which such stock belongs.

(4.) Where any three per cent, stock is standing in the name of any person other than the officers above mentioned, such person (in this section referred to as the holder) finayr exchange such stock or Ifa/ufru'uC any part thereof for two and three-quarters per cent, stock or two / and a half per cent, stock in manner provided by this Act; provided that where the consent of any person other than the holder is required for a change oi investment by such holder, such consent/shall Uu/U4^/C*~-j be required for the purpose of an exchange in pursuance of this r section; and where the holder is a trustee, and has not power under

I

the

terms of his trust to vary investments, the consent either of ion interested in the stock, or of a judge of the High

ourt of Justice in England and Ireland, or in Scotland of a judge of the Court of Session, shall be required for the purpose of an exchange in pursuance of this section; but otherwise holders shall not be liable for any loss resulting from any exchange m pursuance ~of this iection. Subject to rules of court, any jurisdiction given by this Act to a judge of the High Court of Justice shall be exereised by a judge of the Chancery Division.

(5.) The Bank shall not be required to inquire as to whether any such consent as aforesaid is given to any exchange, nor be responsible in the event of any consent not having been given.

(6.) A power, whether subject or not to any restrictions or conditions, invest in three per cent, stock shall extend to authorise an investment, subject to the same conditions and restrictions (iT " ally) lfL two and three-quarters per cent, stock and in two and a half per cent, stock, or either of such stocks.

42

Ch. 23. National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Supplemental 7. — (1.) Where stock is exchanged under tins Act, the stock

provisions. taken in exchange and the dividends thereon shall be subject to the same trusts, charges, rights, distringas, and restraints as affect the I stock cancelled on the exchange and the dividends thereon respec-j tively, and all powers of attorney, requests as to dividends, and other I documents relating to the cancelled stock and the dividends thereon, )or either of them, shall apply to the stock taken in exchange and the ' dividends thereon respectively.

(2.) The arrangements made by the Treasury for the exchange of 9tock under this Act may provide for the manner in which any request for or assent to such exchange is to be made or given, and as to the evidence of title, unsoundness of mind, infancy, or other matter which the Bank may require, and in the case of a stockholder who is of unsound mind, or an infant, or otherwise under disability, may provide for the request or assent being made or given by the committee, guardian, or other person on behalf of such stockholder, and where one or more of the holders of stock on a joint account is or are of unsound mind, an infant, infants, or under disability, or is or are beyond the seas, may also provide for dispensing with the request or assent of such holder or holders.

(3.) A warrant from the Treasury shall be a sufficient authority to the Bank for anything done by the Bank in pursuance of such authority for the purposes of this Act.

Remuneration 8. There shall be paid to the Banks of England and Ireland to Banks of respectively out of the Consolidated Fund, on account of any

England and additional trouble, expense, and responsibility which may be

imposed on them by this Act, in addition to the remuneration otherwise payable to them in respect of the management of the National Debt, such remuneration as the Treasury and they agree on.

Definitions. 9. In this Act —

"The Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

" The Lord Chancellor" means the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and includes the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom.

" The Lord Chancellor of Ireland " includes the Lord Keeper or the Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of Ireland.

" The National Debt Commissioners" means the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

f< The Bank" means the Governor and Company of the Bank of" England, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and includes their successors.

" Person " includes a body of persons corporate or unincorporate.

" Three per cent, stock" means the stocks of consolidated three pounds per centum annuities, reduced three pounds per centum annuities, and new three pounds per centum annuities, or any of such stocks.

" Two and a half per cent, stock" means the stock of two pounds ten shillings per centum annuities.

1884. National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884. Ch. 23, 24. 43

"The permanent annual charge of the National Debt" means the permanent annual charge for the National Debt within the meaning of the Sinking Fund Act, 1875, and the Acts amending the same.

10. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the National Short title of Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884. Act‘

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act.

[3rd July 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the provisions of the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act as to certain colonies or dependencies:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Upon application made by the governor or person exercising the functions of governor of any of Her Majesty's colonies or dependencies, and after it has been shown to the satisfaction of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies, that the system of jurisprudence as administered in such colony or dependency answers to and fulfils the conditions specified in section three of the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act, and also that the attorneys and solicitors of the superior courts of law or equity in England are admitted as attorneys and solicitors in the superior courts of law and equity of such colony or dependency, on production of their certificates of admission in the English courts, without service in the colony or dependency or examination, except in the laws of the colony or dependency in so far as they differ from the laws of England, Her Majesty may from time to time by Order in Council direct the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act to come into operation as to such colony or dependency, although persons may in certain cases be admitted as attorneys or solicitors in such colony or dependency without possessing all the qualifications for admission or having fulfilled the conditions specified in the said section three, and thereupon, but not otherwise, the provisions of the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act shall apply to persons duly admitted as attorneys and solicitors in such colony or dependency after service and examination; that is to say, no attorney or solicitor of any such colony or dependency shall be admitted as solicitor of the Supreme Court in England unless, in addition to the requirements of the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act, he prove by affidavit that he has served for five years under articles of clerkship to a solicitor or attorney-at-law in such colony or dependency, and passed an examination to test his fitness and capacity, before he was admitted an attorney or solicitor in such

20 & 21 Vict. c. 89.

87 & 88 Vict. c. 41.

Extension of 20 & 21 Vict. c. 89.

37 & 33 Vict. c. 41.

to colony on application of governor, &c.

44

[Short title.]

[Short title.]

Import duties on tea.

Duty ou licence for hackney carriage.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 115.

10 & 11 Vict.

258 & 26 Vict. c. 101. Reduction of duties on carriages commenced to be used on or after the 1st October.

Ch. 24, 25. Colonial Attorneys Relief Act Amendment Act. 47 & 48 Vict.

colony or dependency, and further that he has since been in actual practice as attorney or solicitor in such colony or dependency for the period of seven years at the least.

2. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act Amendment Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

[3rd July 1884.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary-supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884.

PART I.

Customs and Excise.

2. The duties of customs now chargeable upon tea shall continue to be levied and charged, on and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland; (that is to say,)

Tea, the pound - Sixpence.

3. On and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, 'the duty on an excise licence for a hackney carriage, that is to say, as so defined by the Metropolitan Public Carriage Act, 1869, or as deemed so to be by virtue of the Towns Police Clauses Act, 1847, or the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862 (whether adopted in any town or burgh or not), shall be the duty of fifteen shillings and no more.

4. Where a person has, on or after the first day of October in any year, commenced to keep and use a carriage for which a licence is required under the Act of the thirty-second and thirty-third years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter fourteen, he shall, upon delivering a declaration in writing signed by him to the above effect, be entitled to take out such licence upon payment of the duties

45

1884. Customs and Inland Revenue , 1884. Ch. 25.

following in lieu of the duties imposed by the said Act, that is to say: —

£ 8. d.

If such carriage, not being a hackney carriage, shall have four or more wheels, and shall be of the weight of four hundredweight or upwards - - 1 1 0

If such carriage shall be a ‘hackney carriage or shall have less than four wheels, or having four or more wheels shall be of less weight than four hundredweight - -076

PART II.

Income Tax.

5. There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, the following duties of income tax; (that is to say,)

For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules (A.) (C.) (D.) or (E.) of the said Act the duty of fivepence;

And for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act, —

In England, the duty of twopence halfpenny;

In Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of one penny three farthings.

0. All such provisions contained in any Act relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, shall have full force and effect, with respect to the duties of income tax granted by this Act so far as the same shall be consistent with the provisions of this Act.

7. — (1.) Where any dividend, interest, or other annual profits or gains, due or payable half-yearly or quarterly, shall have become due or payable in the course of the said year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and shall have been paid to any person prior to the passing of this Act without any charge for the duty of income tax hereby granted having been made thereon or deducted therefrom, the amount of the said duty shall be added to the assessment in respect of the next half-yearly or quarterly payment to such person, and charged thereon and deducted therefrom accordingly.

(2.) Where any person liable to pay any rent, interest, annuity, or other annual payment in the course of the said year shall, on making any such payment prior to the passing of this Act, have not made any deduction in respect of the duty of income tax hereby granted, he shall be authorised to make the deduction on the occasion of the next payment, in addition to any other deduction which he may by law be authorised to make.

Grant of duties ofi n-come tax.

Provisions of Income Tax Acta to apply to duties hereby granted.

Provisions as to duty on dividends, &c. paid prior to passing of this Act.

46

Ch. 25. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Assessment of income tax under

Schedules (A.) and (B.) and of the inhabited house duties for the year 1884-5.

32 & 88 Vict 88 Vict c. 67.

Provisions of Income Tax Acts to apply to duties to be granted for succeeding year.

(3.) The charge or deduction of the duty of income tax hereby granted in the case of any payment made in the course of the said year prior to the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been a legal charge or deduction.

8. With respect to the assessment of the duties of income tax hereby granted under Schedules (A.) and (B.) in respect of property elsewhere than in the metropolis as defined by the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, and of the duties on inhabited hoilses elsewhere than in the said metropolis, for the year commencing, as respects England, on the sixth day of April, and as respects Scotland, on the twenty-fourth day of May one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The inspectors or surveyors of taxes shall be the assessors for the said duties, and, in lieu of the poundage by law granted to be divided between the assessors and collectors in regard to such duties, there shall be paid a poundage of three halfpence to the collectors thereof:

(2.) The sum charged as the annual value of any property in the assessment of income tax thereon for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, and the sum charged as the annual value of every inhabited house in the assessment made thereon for the same year as respects England, and as respects Scotland for the year which commenced on the twenty-fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, shall be taken as the annual value of such property, or of such inhabited house, for the assessment and charge thereon of the duties of income tax hereby granted, or of the duties on inhabited houses, to all intents and purposes as if such sum had been estimated to be the annual value in conformity with the provisions in that behalf contained in the Acts relating to income tax and the duties on inhabited houses respectively:

(3.) The Commissioners executing the said Acts shall for each place within their district cause duplicates of the assessments to be made out and delivered to the collectors, together with the warrants for collecting the same.

9. In order to ensure the collection in due time of any duties of income tax which may be granted for the year commencing on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, all such provisions contained in any Act relating to the duties of income tax as are in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax which may be so granted in the same manner as if the said duties had been actually granted and the said provisions had been applied thereto by an Act of Parliament passed on that day.

1884. Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, cmd) Act (1877) Ch. 26-28.

Ameinclment Act, 1884.

47

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877.

[14th July 1884.]

WHEREAS in certain parts of England the taking of small edible crabs for bait for fishing is injurious to the interests of the fishermen and to the supply of edible crabs:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Board of Trade, after such local inquiry, if any, as they think expedient, may, if they think fit, by order direct that the proviso in the last paragraph of the eighth section of the Act forty and forty-one Victoria, chapter forty-two, which permits edible crabs in certain conditions or under a certain size to be taken by or to be in the possession of any person, if the said crabs were intended for bait for fishing, shall not apply within the area named in such order.

2. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act (1877) Amendment Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to further amend the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

[14th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The powers conferred by Part III. of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, upon the Board of Trade to make orders with regard to oysters and mussels may be exercised by the Board of Trade with regard to cockles, in the same manner as if the expression "cockles " had been used in Part III. of that Act in addition to the expressions "oysters " and " mussels."

2. This Act may be cited as the Sea Fisheries Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

[14th July 1884.]

WHEREAS divers presentments have been passed by the grand juries of several counties in Ireland approving of the making of certain light railways and tramways, and guaranteeing dividends upon the paid-up capital necessary for the said undertakings; , as defined by the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883:

Board of Trade may make orders.

[Short title.]

Extension of Part III. of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. to cockles.

[Short title.]

46 47 Vict,

c. 43.

48

Ch. 28, 29. Tramway8&PublicCor>ipanie8(I.)Ameiidt.ActA7&4i$ViCf.

Power to amend presentment.

Notice of application.

[Short title.]

And whereas it appears from the schedules of applications, resolutions, and other records of the said grand juries what were the maximum sums upon which such dividends were intended to have been guaranteed, but such amounts have been by mistake omitted from several of such presentments, which by reason of such omission have been held to be invalid:

Be it therefore enacted by tho Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the several grand juries assembled at the summer assizes one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four to amend the presentments so passed in respect of and approving of the making of the several light railways and tramways respectively specified in the Schedule hereto by stating in such presentments respectively the respective amounts for which the same respectively were passed, and such presentments when amended shall be deemed to be presentments validly passed; and all proceedings before the Lord Lieutenant in Council or otherwise may be taken and carried on for the purpose of confirming the same and making Orders in Council founded thereon as if the same had originally been valid presentments.

2. Notice of the intention to apply to any grand jury under this Act shall be given by inserting at least one advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the county to which such application shall relate, and by posting copies of such advertisement in some public place in every market town in each barony affected by the proposed guarantee: Provided, however, that such advertisement and posting may be inserted and made either before or after the passing of this Act.

3. This Act may be cited as the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884.

SCHEDULE.

1. A tramway and light railway from Skibbereen to Ballydehob and SchulL

2. A tramway and light railway from Ballinascorthy to Timoleague.

3. A tramway and light railway from 'Middleton to Ballinacarra and Cloyne.

4. A tramway and light railway from Cork to Blarney and Couchford.

5. A tramway and light railway from Mitchelstown to Fermoy.

6. A tramway and light railway from Athy (county Kildare) to Crettyard Bridge (Queen’s County).

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to extend Section forty-one of the Licensing Act, 1872.

[28th July 1884.]

WHEREAS by the forty-first section of the Licensing Act, 1872, it is provided that magistrates or justices in petty session may, if the application is for the grant of a license, receive a copy of

1884. Licensing (Evidence) Act, 1884!. Off. 29, 30. 4ft

the license if the same has been wilfully withheld by the holder thereof, and it is expedient to extend the said section:

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section forty-one of the Licensing Act, 1872, shall be con- Extension of strued as if after the words "application is for the grant of a 6 ^ict‘ license " there were inserted the words "or for the transfer of a license."

Provided that the magistrates or justices shall be satisfied by evidence submitted to them that the license is withheld without any legal right to withhold the same.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Licensing (Evidence) Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to simplify the passing of Instruments under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom.

[28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Great Seal Act, 1884.

2. — (1.) A warrant under Her Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, Authority for countersigned by the Lord Chancellor, or by one of Her Majesty's passing in-Principal Secretaries of State, or by the Lord High Treasurer, or GMaTseai11^ two of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be a necessary and sufficient authority for passing any instrument under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, according to the tenor of such warrant; Provided that any instrument which may now be passed under the Great Seal by the fiat or under the authority or directions of the Lord Chancellor or otherwise without passing through any other office may continue to be passed as heretofore.

(2.) The Lord Chancellor may from time to time make, and when made revoke and vary, regulations respecting the passing of instruments under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, and respecting the warrants for that purpose, and the preparation of such instruments and warrants, and every such warrant shall be prepared by the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery.

(3.) No person shall make or prepare any warrant for passing any instrument under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, or procure any instrument to be passed under that Seal otherwise than in manner provided by this Act or the Crown Office Act, 40 & 41 Vict. 1877; and any person who acts in contravention of this section c-41* shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

, 3. It shall not be necessary that any instrument shall after the docents* passing of this Act be passed under the Privy Seal. under Privy

>d by L

50

Great Seal, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict.

Definitions.

Repeal.

[Short title.]

Ch. 30, 31.

4. In this Act —

The expression "Lord Chancellor" means the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and, if there is a Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, this Act shall apply as if such Lord Keeper or Lords-Commissioners were substituted for the Lord Chancellor, Mid a warrant may be countersigned by any two of such Lords Commissioners.

The expression "instrument " in this Act includes any letters patent, letters close, writ, commission, and grant, and any document requiring to be passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom.

5. The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed.

Provided that such repeal shall not affect anything done or suffered before the passing of this Act.

SCHEDULE. Acts repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

27 Hen. 8. c. 11. An Act concerning clerks of the The whole Act.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 82. - Signet and Trivy Seal. An Act to simplify the forma of appointments to certain offices and the manner of passing The whole Act.

grants under the Great Seal.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 10. The Great Seal Act, 1880 Section 3.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to make further provision respecting the removal of Prisoners and Criminal Lunatics from Her Majesty's possessions out of the United Kingdom.

[28th July 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the removal of prisoners undergoing sentence, and of criminal lunatics from one British possession to another British possession, or to the United Kingdom:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884.

1884. Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884. Ch. 31. 51

Prisoners Removal.

2. Where as regards a prisoner undergoing sentence of im- Removal of

prisonment in any British possession for any offence it appears to B^fdshposse the removing authority herein-after mentioned either — sions in certain

(a.) that it is likely that the life of the prisoner will be en- cases* dangered or his health permanently injured by further imprisonment in such British possession; or,

(6.) that the prisoner belonged, at the time of committing the said offence, to the Royal Navy or to Her Majesty's regular military forces; or,

(c.) that the offence was committed wholly or partly beyond the limits of the said British possession; or,

(d.) that by reason of there being no prison in the said British possession in which the prisoner can properly undergo his sentence or otherwise the removal of the prisoner is expedient for his safer custody or for more efficiently carrying his sentence into effect; or,

(e.) that the prisoner belongs to a class of persons who under the law of the said British possession are subject to removal under this Act;

in any such case the removing authority may, subject nevertheless to the regulations in force under this Act, order such prisoner to be removed to any British possession or to the United Kingdom to undergo his sentence or the residue thereof.

3. — (1.) Where a prisoner has been removed in pursuance of this Return of Act, a Secretary of State or the Government of a British possession

to which the prisoner has been so removed, may order the prisoner, for the purpose of undergoing the residue of his sentence, to be returned to the British possession from which he was removed.

(2.) If a Secretary of State or the Government of a British possession to which a prisoner is removed under this Act, requires the prisoner to be returned for discharge to the British possession from which he was removed, the prisoner shall, in accordance with the regulations under this Act, be returned to the said British possession for the purpose of being there discharged at the expiration of his sentence. In any other case a prisoner when discharged at the expiration of his sentence shall be. entitled to be sent free of cost to the British possession from which he was removed;

Provided that where a prisoner at the date of his sentence belonged to the Royal Navy or to Her Majesty's regular military forces, nothing in this section shall require such prisoner to be returned to the British possession from which he was removed, or entitle him to be sent there free of cost.

4. — (1.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from time Regulations as to time to make, and when made, revoke and vary regulations as to to removal-the removal, return, and discharge of prisoners under this Act.

(2.) The regulations may provide for varying the conditions of a sentence of imprisonment passed in a British possession, where they differ from the conditions of a sentence of imprisonment in the part of Her Majesty's dominions to which the prisoner is removed, with a view to bringing them into conformity with the latter conditions, but the prisoner shall not by reason of such variation undergo an

.by

52 »

Removing

authority.

Evidence of act of government of British possession or Secretary of State.

Warrant for removal of prisoner.

Ch. 31. Colonial Prisoner's Removal Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

imprisonment of any longer duration; and where the latter conditions appear to a Secretary of State to be more severe than the former conditions, the Secretary of State may remit a portion of the imprisonment, so that the punishment undergone by the prisoner shall not in the opinion of the Secretary of State be more severe than the punishment to which the prisoner was originally sentenced, and the sentence of imprisonment shall, so long as the prisoner remains in the part of Her Majesty's dominions to which he is removed, be carried into effect as if the conditions thereof as so varied were the conditions of the original sentence.

(3.) The regulations may also provide for the forms to be used under this Act and generally for the execution of this Act.

(4.) All regulations made under this section shall be duly observed by all persons, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after they are made.

5. The removing authority for the purposes of this Act shall be a Secretary of State acting with the concurrence of the Government of every British possession concerned.

0. — (1.) The concurrence of the Government of a British possession, and any requisition by the Government of a-British possession, may be given or made by the Governor in Council or such other authority as may be from time to time provided by the law of that possession, but shall be signified by writing under the hand of the Governor or of the Colonial Secretary or of any other officer appointed in this behalf by the law of that possession.

(2.) Any writing purporting to give such concurrence or make such requisition, and to be signed by the Governor or Colonial Secretary or other officer for the iimc being, shall be conclusive evidence that the concurrence of or requisition by the Government of the British possession has been duly given or made according to law; and any writing purporting to be under the hand of a Secretary of State, and to order the removal of a prisoner from a British possession, shall be conclusive evidence that such order has been duly given by the Secretary of State, and every such writing as above in this section mentioned shall be admissible in evidence in any court in Her Majesty's dominions without further proof.

7. — (1.) Where the removal of a prisoner from a British possession is ordered in pursuance of this Act, a Secretary of State or the Governor of the British possession may by warrant under his hand direct the prisoner to be removed to the part of Her Majesty's dominions mentioned in the said order, and for that purpose to be delivered into the custody of the persons named or described in the warrant or some one or more of them, and to be held in custody and conveyed by sea or otherwise to the said part of Her Majesty's dominions, there to undergo his sentence, or the residue thereof, until returned in pursuance of this Act or discharged, and such warrant shall be forthwith executed according to the tenor thereof.

(2.) Where a prisoner is to be returned to a British possession, a Secretary of State or the Governor of the possession in which he has been undergoing his sentence, shall issue a like warrant, which shall be duly executed according to the tenor thereof.

Ch. 31.

1884. Colonial Pr isoners Removal Act, 1884.

53

(3.) Every warrant purporting to be issued in pursuance of this Act, and to be under the hand of a Secretary of State or Governor of a British possession, shall be received in evidence in every court of justice in Her Majesty's dominions without further proof, and shall be evidence of the facts therein stated, and all acts done in pursuance of such warrant shall be deemed to have been authorised by law.

8. — (1.) Every prisoner removed in pursuance of this Act shall, Dealing with until he is returned in pursuance of this Act, be dealt with in the J^Soner part of Her Majesty's dominions to which he is removed, in like p manner as if his sentence (with such variation, if any, of the conditions thereof as may have been duly made in pursuance of regulations under this Act) had been duly awarded in that part,

and shall be subject accordingly to all laws and regulations in force in that part, with the following qualifications, that his conviction judgment and sentence may be questioned in the part of Her Majesty's dominions from which he has been removed in the same manner as if he had not been removed, and that his sentence may be remitted and his discharge ordered id the same manner and by the same authority as if he had not been removed.

(2.) The officer in charge of any prison, on request by any person having the custody of a prisoner under a warrant issued in pursuance of this Act, and on payment or tender of a reasonable amount for expenses, shall receive such prisoner and detain him for such reasonable time as may be requested by the said person for the purpose of the proper execution of the warrant.

9. — (1.) If a prisoner while in custody in pursuance of this Act, Escape of or under a warrant issued in pursuance of this Act escapes, by prisoner from breach of prison or otherwise, out of custody, he may be retaken in custody' the same manner as a person convicted of a crime against the law

of the place to which he escapes may be retaken upon an escape.

(2.) A person guilty of the offence of so escaping or of attempting so to escape, or of aiding or attempting to aid any such prisoner so to escape, may be tried in any of the following parts of Her Majesty's dominions, namely, the part to which and the part from which the prisoner is being removed or returned, and the part in which the prisoner escapes, and the part in which the offender is found, and such offence shall be deemed to be an offence against the law of the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which he may be so tried, and for all purposes of and incidental to the apprehension, trial, and punishment of the person accused of such offence, and of and incidental to any proceedings and matters preliminary, incidental to or consequential thereon, and of and incidental to the jurisdiction of any court constable or officer with reference to such offence, and to the person accused thereof, such offence shall be deemed to have been committed in the said part, and such person may be punished

in accordance with the Courts (Colonial) Jurisdiction Act, 1874. 37 & 38 Vict.

c. 27.

Criminal Lunatics.

10. — (1.) The provisions of this Act shall apply to a person in Application custody as a criminal lunatic in like manner, so far as consistent re '

with the tenor thereof, as they apply to a prisoner undergoing criminal lunatics.

54

Cost of removal.

Power of legislature of British possession to pass laws for carrying Act into effect.

Power as to making and revocation of Orders in Council.

Ch. 31. Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

sentence of imprisonment; and separate regulations may be made by Her Majesty in Council under this Act in relation to criminal lunatics and (subject to those regulations) all laws and regulations in force in the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which a criminal lunatic removed or returned is for the time being in custody under a warrant issued in pursuance of this Act, shall apply to such criminal lunatic as if he had become a criminal lunatic in that part.

(2.) Where a person, who is a criminal lunatic by reason of being unfit to be tried for an offence, is removed in pursuance of this Act, and a Secretary of State or the Government of the British possession to or from which such person was removed considers that such person has become sufficiently sane to be tried for the said offence, and requires him to be returned for trial to the British possession from which he was removed, he shall, in accordance with the regulations under this Act be returned as a prisoner to the said British possession for the purpose of being there tried for the said offence, and shall be removed thither in custody in like manner as if he had been arrested under a warrant on a charge for the said offence.

Miscellaneous.

11. — (1.) The cost of the removal of any prisoner or criminal lunatic under this Act and of his maintenance while in confinement, and of his return, and of his being sent after discharge to any place, shall be paid in such manner as may be arranged between the Governments of the British possessions concerned and the Secretary of State, subject, as regards any cost to be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, to the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

(2.) Nothing in this Act shall affect any power to recover the expenses of removing or returning any prisoner or criminal lunatic from the property of such prisoner or criminal lunatic or otherwise.

12. If the legislature of a British possession pass any law —

(a.) for determining the authority by whom and the manner in which any jurisdiction, power, or concurrence under this Act is to be exercised or given; or (b.) for payment of the costs incurred in the removal, maintenance, return, or sending back after discharge of a prisoner or criminal lunatic; or (e.) for dealing in such possession with prisoners or criminal lunatics removed thereto in pursuance of this Act; or (d.) for making any class of prisoners subject to removal under this Act; or

(e.) otherwise in any manner for the carrying of this Act or any part thereof into effect as regards the said possession, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council to direct that such law or any part thereof shall with or without modification or alteration be recognised and given effect to throughout Her Majesty's dominions and on the high seas as if it were part of this Act.

13. — (1.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from time to time to make Orders for the purposes of this Act, and to revoke and vary any Order so made, and every Order so made

55

1884. Colonial Pi'isoners Removal Act, 1884. G'h. 31.

shall while it is in force have the same effect as if it were enacted in this Act.

(2.) An Order in Council made for the purposes of this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made if Parliament is then in session, or, if not, as soon as may be after the commencement of the then next session of Parliament.

14. This Act shall extend to the Channel Islands and Isle of Man as if they were part of England and the United Kingdom.

15. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from time to time to direct that this Act shall apply, as if, subject to the conditions, exceptions, and qualifications (if any) contained in the Order, any place out of Her Majesty's dominions in which Her Majesty has jurisdiction, and which is named in the Order, were a British possession and part of Her Majesty's dominions, and to provide for carrying into effect such application

16. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of the Army Act, 1881.

(2.) This Act shall not affect any agreement made either before or after the passing of this Act under the Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1869, nor any provisions contained in the Act of the session of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-one, intituled An Act to authorise the " removal from India of insane persons charged with offences, and <s to give better effect to inquisitions of lunacy taken in India."

17. This Act shall apply to a prisoner who has been convicted, and to a criminal lunatic who has become a criminal lunatic, before the passing of this Act, in like manner as if he had been convicted and become a criminal lunatic after the commencement of this Act.

Application of Act to Channel Islands and Isle of Man. Application of Act to place under foreign jurisdiction Acts.

See 41 & 42 Vict. c. 67.

Savings.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 10.

Application of Act to existing prisoners and criminal lunatics.

18. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the follow- Definitions, ing expressions have the following meanings; that is to say,

The expression "British possession " does not include any place within the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man, or the Channel Islands, but includes all other territories and places being part of Her Majesty's dominions, and all territories and places within Her Majesty's dominions which are not part of India and are under one legislature shall be deemed to be one British possession, and any part of India under a Governor or Lieutenant Governor shall be deemed to be one British possession.

The expression "India" means all territories and places within Her Majesty's dominions which are subject to the Governor General of India in Council.

The expression "legislature, " where there are local legislatures, as well as a central legislature, means the central legislature only, and in every part of India means the Governor General in Council.

The expression "Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

The expression "Governor" means any person or persons administering the government of a British possession, and I includes the Governor General of India and also the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of any part of India.

The expression "Colonial Secretary " includes a person performing the like duties as a Colonial Secretary, whether known as

56

[Short title.]

37 & 88 Vict. c. 84.

Ch. 31, 32. Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Government Secretary, Chief Secretary to the Government, or by any other title.

The expression "prison " includes any place for the confinement or detention of prisoners whether convicted or unconvicted.

The expression "sentence of imprisonment" means any sentence involving confinement in a prison, whether combined or not with labour, and whether known as penal servitude, imprisonment with hard labour, rigorous imprisonment, imprisonment, or otherwise, and includes a sentence awarded by way of commutation as well as an original sentence passed by the court.

The expression "criminal lunatic" means a person detained in custody by reason of his having been charged with an offence, and either found to have been insane at the time of such offence, or found or certified or otherwise lawfully proved to be unfit on the ground of his insanity to be tried for the same, and includes a person convicted of an offence and afterwards certified or otherwise lawfully proved to be insane.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act for transferring the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea from the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Porests, and Land Revenues to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

[28th July 1884.]

WHEREAS the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea and the lands and buildings connected therewith and described in the Schedule to this Act are now under the management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues (herein-after termed the Commissioners of Woods), and it is expedient that the same be vested in and placed under the management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings (herein-after termed the Commissioners of Works):

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Royal Military Asylum Chelsea (Transfer) Act, 1884.

2. From and after the passing of this Act the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, with the lands and buildings thereon described in the Schedule to this Act, shall by virtue of this Act be vested, free and discharged from the leasehold interest in any part thereof of any one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in the Commissioners of Works and their successors as incorporated by the Works and Public Buildings Act, 1874, for the estate or interest and purposes, and upon the trusts, and subject to the leases (save as aforesaid) rights of way and other rights (if any), for upon and subject to which the said Asylum and premises or any of them were respectively vested in the Crown or any person or persons oh

57

1884. Royal Military Asylum Chd8ea(Trans 1884. Ch. 32, 33.

behalf of the Crown immediately before the passing of this Act; and the Commissioners of Works shall have the management of the said Asylum and premises, and shall in relation thereto exercise and perform all powers and duties and be subject to all liabilities which would have been exercised and performed by the Commissioners of Woods, or any other person or persons on behalf of the Crown, or to which the Commissioners of Woods, or any other person or persons on behalf of the Crown, would have been subject if this Act had not passed.

3. Saving always to all persons, bodies politic or corporate, and General their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and saving* assigns (other than Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, her Secretaries of State, and the Commissioners of Woods and the Commissioners of Works), all such estates, rights, titles, claims, and demands whatsoever as they respectively have at the passing of this Act or might or could have had if this Act had not passed.

SCHEDULE.

All those several pieces or parcels of land with the buildings thereon, situated in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea, containing together about ten acres, and coloured pink on a plan which has been signed by the Honourable Charles Alexander Gore, a Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and The Right Honourable George Shaw Lefevre,

First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and which is deposited in the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to make provision for the foundation of a Dean and Chapter for the Bishopric of Newcastle, and for the transfer to the Cathedral Church of Newcastle of one of the canonries in the Cathedral Church of Durham, and for the transfer of certain ecclesiastical patronage to the Bishopric and Chapter of Newcastle, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[28th July 1884.]

WHEREAS a bishopric of Newcastle has been founded in pursuance of the Bishoprics Act, 1878, and under that Act the 41 & 42 Vict, endowment of the bishopric of Newcastle is to be held by the c- 68-Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England (in this Act referred to as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners) upon trust to provide the income therein mentioned and a residence for the Bishop of Newcastle, and subject thereto to make good to the bishopric of Durham the portion of the endowment or income of that bishopric transferred in pursuance of the said Act to the bishopric of Newcastle, and subject as aforesaid, upon trust for the foundation of a dean and chapter for the bishopric in such manner as may be from time to time provided by Order in Council:

And whereas in pursuance of the said Act an Order in Council was made, on the eighteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, confirming a scheme of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and by such Order, among other matters, the

58 Ch. 33. Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

[Short title.]

Transfer of canonry in Durham to cathedral of Newcastle.

Archdeacon of Northumberland was constituted an officer of the diocese of Newcastle, and subject to the episcopal jurisdiction of the Bishop of Newcastle and not of the Bishop of Durham, and the archidiaconal dignity of such Archdeacon was transferred from the cathedral church of Durham to the cathedral church of Newcastle, and the endowment belonging to such archdeaconry was directed to continue to belong to the same, notwithstanding the transfer of the archdeaconry from the diocese of Durham to the diocese of Newcastle:

And whereas before the passing of the Bishoprics Act, 1878, a canonry in the cathedral church of Durham had been annexed and united to the archdeaconry of Northumberland, and it is expedient to provide for the transfer of the endowment of such canonry to the cathedral church of Newcastle:

And whereas the Bishop of Durham assents to the said transfers, and it is expedient to make provision with respect thereto:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884.

2. When the canonry in the cathedral church of Durham which at the passing of this Act is annexed to the archdeaconry of Northumberland first becomes vacant after the passing of this Act, then as from the date of the vacancy, the canonry so vacant shall be suspended, and the endowment thereof with the exception of the house attached thereto shall be transferred to the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Newcastle, if then founded, and if not, to the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund, and subject to the provision in favour of the person who holds the archdeaconry at the passing of this Act, there shall be paid to the Archdeacon of Northumberland for the time, being, out of the income of the endowment so transferred, such annual sum as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners from time to time fix.

Establishment 3. (1.) Whenever the Ecclesiastical Commissioners certify to of chapter of Her Majesty under their common seal that the net income of the Newcastle. Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund will provide such minimum income as herein-after mentioned for a dean and not less than four residentiary canons, Her Majesty by Order in Council may found a dean and chapter of Newcastle, and constitute them a body corporate, with all the rights and powers of other cathedral chapters in England, or with such of them as to Her Majesty may seem fit, and may subject them to the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Newcastle as visitor.

(2.) The dean and chapter rof Newcastle, and the endowment thereof, shall be deemed for all purposes to be subject to the same laws as the dean and chapter of any other bishopric in England, and the endowment thereof; and the deanery shall be in the direct patronage of Her Majesty, and every canomy shall be in the patronage of the Bishop of Newcastle for the time being.

Statutes for 4. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time, by the chapter. Order in Council, to make, and when made alter and revoke.

1884.

Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884. Ch. 33.

statutes for the order, rule, and governance of the dean and chapter of Newcastle, and the members, officers, and endowment thereof.

5. For the purposes of this Act the minimum income shall be a Income of net annual income for a dean of one thousand pounds, and for a ^onTof canon of three hundred pounds, exclusive in both cases of the Newcastle, value of any residence.

6. (1.) Whenever from time to time before the foundation of a Provision for dean and chapter of Newcastle the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

certify to Her Majesty under their common seal that the net income Newcastle of the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund will provide such before foanda-minimum income as is mentioned in this Act for any canon or canons. Her Majesty by Order in Council may establish a residen- ?n w -tiaiy canonry or residentiary canonries in the cathedral church ef Newcastle, and assign thereto an income not being less than the-.^-minimum income, and by the same or any other Order in Council-may from time to time define the duties which an incumbent of any such canonry is to perform in the said cathedral church and in the administration of the diocese of Newcastle.

(2.) Whenever the Ecclesiastical Commissioners certify to Her Majesty, under their common seal, that the endowment of a canonry of Durham has been transferred to the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund, in pursuance of this Act, there may be established by Her Majesty, by Order in Council, in the cathedral church of Newcastle, in pursuance of this section, a residentiary canonry annexed to the archdeaconry of Northumberland, but the duties which the incumbent of such canonry is to perform, shall be such as, in the opinion of Her Majesty in Council, will not interfere with the performance of his duties as Archdeacon of Northumberland.

(3.) Every canonry established in pursuance of this section shall be in the patronage of the Bishop of Newcastle for the time being, and the incumbent of every such canonry shall hold his office by the same tenure as the incumbent of any other canonry in England, and, subject to any exceptions contained in any such Order in Council, the law relating to other canonries in England shall, so far as may be consistently with the tenour thereof and with the circumstances of the case, apply to a canonry so established, and to the incumbent thereof

7. (1.) The Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund shall be held Trusts of upon trust to pay the annual sum charged thereon by this Act to Sfwca8rl gn the Archdeacon of Northumberland, and subject thereto upon trust dowment ° for the foundation of a dean and chapter of Newcastle. There Fund, shall be carried to that fund such portion, if any, of the Newcastle Bishopric Endowment Fund as is applicable for the said trust.

(2.) The annual income arising from the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund shall, until the dean and chapter is founded in pursuance of this Act, be applied in paying the Archdeacon of Northumberland and the incumbent of any canonry established in pursuance of this Act, and, subject to that payment* shall be invested and accumulated as part of the fund.

(3.) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have the same power with respect to sale, investment, management, leasing, or other dealing in the ease of the fund as they have in the case of the Newcastle Bishopric Endowment Fund.

60

Scheme of Ecclesiastical Commissioners approved bj Order in Council for carrying into effect the Act.

Validity and publication of Orders in Council.

Common fund of Commissioners not applicable to endowment.

Payment out of estate of deceased person of subscriptions promised by him for endowment fund.

Transfer of patronage of benefices in diodfcse of Newcastle.

Ch. 33. Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

8. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may from time to time submit for the approval of Her Majesty in Council a scheme or schemes for all or any of the following matters; namely,

(1.) For the transfer to the dean and chapter of Newcastle, or to the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund, of the endowment of the canonry of Durham, directed by this Act to be so transferred;

(2.) For transferring to the dean and chapter of Newcastle, when founded, the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund; and

(3.) For making such provisions and arrangements as may be necessary for carrying into complete effect the said transfers and the foundation of the dean and chapter of Newcastle and the payment of the Archdeacon of Northumberland and the establishment of any canonry or canonries in the cathedral ' church of Newcastle, and this Act and any Order in Council made thereunder, and all matters incidental to anything before in this section mentioned.

9. (1.) An Order in Council made in pursuance of this Act shall have effect as if it were enacted in this Act.

(2.) An Order in Council made in pursuance of this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, and laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith after it is made, if Parliament be then in session, or if not, within one month after the commencement of the then next session of Parliament

(3.) A scheme made in pursuance of this Act shall be of no effect until it has been approved by Order in Council.

10. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to apply any portion of their common fund towards the endowment of the dean and chapter of Newcastle, or of any canonry in the cathedral church of Newcastle, save in so far as relates to the endowment of the canonry of Durham directed by this Act to be transferred.

11. (1.) Where either before or after the passing of this Act a person having promised a contribution to the Newcastle Bishopric Endowment Fund, or to the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund, has died before payment of the whole or some part of the contribution so promised, the person administering the estate of such deceased person may, by leave of the High Court of Justice, pay out of such estate the whole or any part of the contribution promised, or of the portion unpaid as aforesaid, and the Court may give such permission if, after such inquiry and with such consents (if any) as to the Court seems proper, it seems to the Court under all the circumstances of the case reasonable to authorise such payment, and the Court may make such order as to the costs of the application and give such directions respecting the payment of the contribution as to the Court seems proper.

(2.) Subject to rules of court, an application for the purpose of this section may be made to a judge of the Chancery Division in chambers in a summary manner, and may be made although there is no action for the administration of the said estate.

12. The patronage of any benefices in the diocese of Newcastle belonging to the bishopric of Carlisle, the bishopric of Chester, the bishopric of Manchester, or the vicarage of Newcastle may, with the

1884. Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884.' 33. 61

approval of the Archbishop of York and of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, be transferred by deed executed by the bishop of the bishopric, or vicar, for the time being holding the patronage, and registered in the registry of the diocese of Newcastle, and published in the " London Gazette, " to the bishopric of Newcastle or to the dean and chapter of Newcastle and their successors; and the patronage of the benefice of By well Saint Peter, in the archdeaconry of Northumberland and diocese of Newcastle, and now in the patronage of the dean and chapter of Durham, shall, on the passing of this Act, vest in the Archdeacon of Northumberland for the time being, and the patronage of the benefice of Saint Mary Le Bow, in the city and diocese of Durham, and now in the patronage of the Archdeacon of Northumberland, shall, on the passing of this Act, vest in the dean and chapter of Durham.

The patronage of the benefices set forth in Schedule A. to this Act, and now vested in the dean and chapter of Durham, shall, immediately on the passing of this Act, vest in and be exercised by the Bishop of Newcastle and his successors.

And the patronage of the benefices set forth in Schedule B. to this Act, and now vested in the dean and chapter of Durham, shall vest in and be exercised by the dean and chapter of Newcastle as soon as they shall be legally constituted a corporate body with power to hold and exercise ecclesiastical patronage.

13. The person who holds the archdeaconry of Northumberland Provision as at the passing of this Act, shall be entitled to continue to reside of

as canon of Durham until he is collated or instituted to a benefice Northumber-within the diocese of Newcastle, when he shall at once resign the land, canonry of Durham, and such person may resign the canonry of Durham without resigning the archdeaconry of Northumberland, and the canonry so resigned shall become vacant within the meaning of this Act; and after such resignation, there shall be paid to him, so long as he remains archdeacon of Northumberland, the net income of the endowment of the canonry transferred by this Act. Nothing in any law or statute shall be deemed to prevent the person who is archdeacon of Northumberland at the passing of this Act from being honorary canon in the cathedral church of Newcastle.

SCHEDULE A.

Holy Trinity, Berwick-upon-Tweed, Section 12.

Spittal,

Scremerston,

Holy Island, and Wallsend.

SCHEDULE B.

Whittonstall, Section 12.

Cambois,

Choppington,

and

Duddo.

62

Ch. 34.

Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Honrs of polling in boroughs with more than three thousand electors.

31 & 82 Vict. c. 125.

Definitions.

45 & 46 Vict.

c. 50.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to extend the Hours of Polling at Parliamentary and Municipal Elections in certain Boroughs.

[28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L (3.) At every parliamentary or municipal election to which this Act applies the poll (if any) shall commence at 'eight o’clock in the forenoon and be kept open until eight o’clock in the afternoon of the same day and no longer.

(2.) A parliamentary election to which this Act applies shall be an election of a member or members to serve in Parliament for any parliamentary borough within the meaning of this Act which has, for the time being, as appears from the number of names entered in the register of electors for the time being in operation in such borough, a number of registered electors exceeding three thousand.

(3.) A municipal election to which this Act applies shall be an election of a councillor, commissioner of police, auditor, or revising assessor in any municipal borough within the meaning of this Act or in any ward thereof, where the whole or part of the area of such borough is co-extensive with, or included in the area of a parliamentary borough with such number of registered electors as above in this section mentioned.

2. In this Act —

The expression "parliamentary borough" means any city, borough, place, or combination of places (not being a county at large or division of a county at large, or university or universities) which returns a member or members to serve in Parliament; and

The expression "municipal borough " means, as regards England, a borough subject to the Municipal Corporations Act, *1882, and as regards Scotland, means a burgh or town which has a town council or police commissioners, and as regards Ireland means a borough subject to the Act of the session of the third and fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and eight, intituled " An Act for the regulation of " municipal Corporations in Ireland " and the Acts amending the same:

The word "councillor" shall, in Ireland, be taken to include alderman.

3. This Act may be cited as the Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1884.

1884. County of Dub IvaJurors’ and Voters' Revision A c£, 1884. Ch. 3I>.

0S

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to facilitate the Revision of Lists of Jurors and Voters, and the Registration of Voters, in the county of Dublin.

[28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited 'Tor all purposes as the County of Dublin Jurors’ and Voters’ Revision Act, 1884.

2. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief Power to governor or governors of Ireland for the time being from time to time to appoint a barrister-at-law, who shall have actually practised riatcf. &r~ ten years at the least in the Superior Courts in Dublin, and who shall not at the time of his appointment have ceased to practise, to discharge all the duties with regard to the registration of parliamentary voters, and the revision of the list of jurors, in the county of Dublin which are capable of being discharged by the Recorder of Dublin.

After such appointment has been made, the Recorder shall cease to discharge the duties with reference to the registration of voters and the revision of the lists of jurors, heretofore discharged by him.

The person so appointed shall have, with respect to such registration and revision, the same powers, duties, rights, and privileges as the said Recorder.

The provisions of the several Acts which regulate the registration of parliamentary voters in counties in Ireland, and the revision of the lists of jurors, shall apply to the duties with reference to such registration and revision from time to time performed by the person so appointed, as fully as such provisions would have applied if those duties had been performed by the said Recorder.

The person so appointed shall be styled " revising barrister for the county of Dublin, " and shall hold office during good behaviour, and shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament such annual salary as the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland with the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may appoint.

3. In case the Lord Chancellor or Keeper or Commissioners of the Provision for Great Seal of Ireland for the time being are satisfied that the absence of revising barrister for the county of Dublin is unable from unavoid- ^ster b&r" able absence or illness to discharge his duties as such revising barrister, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor or Keeper or Commissioners to appoint some other barrister, qualified as by this Act is provided in the case of the revising barrister for the county of Dublin, to do the duty of the revising barrister for the county of Dublin for such time as such absence or illness shall continue.

Every person so appointed shall be paid such sum as the said Lord Chancellor or Keeper or Commissioners shall appoint, which shall be deducted from the salary of the said revising barrister.

64

Deduction from salary of future Recorders.

[Short title.]

Expense of prisoners to be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Joint visiting committees for prisons used for more counties than one.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 49.

Interpretation.

Power of council board, &c. to accept

Ch. 35-37. County of DMinJurora and Voters, etc.Act. 47 & 48 Vict.

4. When fit'st after the passing of this Act a vacancy occurs in the office of Recorder of Dublin, there shall be deducted from the salary of the person appointed to be Recorder, and of his successors in that office, an annual sum of one hundred pounds.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877, in certain particulars.

[28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Prisons (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884.

2. From and after the passing of this Act the expenses incurred in respect of a prisoner for food, clothing, custody, safe-conduct, and removal from one place of confinement to another or otherwise, from the period when the order for his committal to prison is made until his death or discharge from prison, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, with this proviso, that nothing in this Act shall exempt a prisoner from payment of any costs or expenses in respect of his conveyance to prison or otherwise which he would have been liable to pay if this Act had not been passed.

3. Where any prison is not exclusively used for the confinement of prisoners belonging to any one county, —

A joint visiting committee may, notwithstanding anything contained in section twenty-four of the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877, be appointed for such prison, if the Lord Lieutenant so orders;

A joint visiting committee shall consist of so many justices as the Lord Lieutenant shall prescribe, who shall be appointed by such grand juries, and in such proportions, as the Lord Lieutenant, having regard to the locality and use of the prison, and the class of prisoners confined therein, may from time to time order.

4. Expressions used in this Act shall respectively have the same meaning in this Act as they are declared to have in the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Public Libraries Acts.

[28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Whereas doubts have arisen as to whether authorities acting under the Public Libraries Acts, have power to fulfil the conditions

1884. Public Libraries Act, 1884. Ch. 37. 65

required for a parliamentary grant in aid of the establishment of parliamentary a school of science and art, and it is expedient to remove such ^rant-doubts: It is therefore hereby declared and enacted that, —

Where any authority acting under the Public Libraries Acts accepts a grant out of moneys provided by Parliament from any Committee of the Privy Council on Education towards the purchase of the site, or the erection, enlargement, or repair, of any school for science and art, or school for science, or school for art, or of the residence of any teacher in such school, or towards the furnishing of any such school, such authority shall have power to accept such grant upon the conditions prescribed for the acceptance thereof by the said Committee, and to execute such instruments as may be required by the said Committee for carrying into effect such conditions, and upon payment of the grant shall, together with their successors, be bound by such conditions and instrument, and have power and be bound to fulfil and observe the same.

2. Whereas section eighteen of the Public Libraries Act, 1855, Explanation of as regards England, and section nine of the Public Libraries Act ^cU (Ireland), 1855, as regards Ireland, provide for the erection of is &19 yi’ct. buildings " suitable for public libraries, or museums, or both, or for c. 70. s. 9.

" schools for science or art ":‘ #1

And whereas section ten of the Public Libraries Act (Scotland), c. 87. s. 10.

1867, provides for the erection of buildings " suitable for public " libraries, art galleries, or museums, or each respectively, " and doubts are entertained as to the meaning of those provisions: Now, therefore, it is hereby declared and enacted that —

Buildings may under the said sections be erected for public libraries, public museums, schools for science, art galleries, and schools for art, or for any one or more of those objects.

3. (1.) Where any of the following institutions, namely, a public Power to esta *

museum, a public library, a school for science and art, a school for bli*h library, science, a school for art, or an art gallery has been established either ^ror before or after the passing of this Act under the Public Libraries science or art Acts, or any of them, there may at any time be established in con- in connexion nexion therewith any other of the said institutions without any of them?

further proceedings being taken under the said Acts.

(2.) Section ten of the Public Libraries Amendment Act (England and Scotland), 1866, and section seventeen of the Public Libraries Act (Scotland), 1867, are hereby repealed, without prejudice to anything done under those sections.

4. In this Act, — Definitions.

The expression "Public Libraries Acts" means as respects

England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, the Acts mentioned in the first, second, and third parts respectively of the schedule to this Act

The expression "authority acting under the Public Libraries Acts" means the council, board, magistrates, or commissioners acting in execution of the said Public Libraries Acts.

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Libraries Act, 1884. short titles.

The Acts mentioned in the first part of the schedule to this Act

may be cited together with this Act as the Public Libraries (England) Acts, 1855 to 1884.

[tbs law bbpobts.] E

66

Ch. 37, 38. Public Libraries Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vice.

The Acts mentioned in the second part of the schedule to this Act may be cited together with this Act as the Public Libraries (Scotland) Acts, 1867 to 1884.

The Acts mentioned in the third part of the schedule to this Act may be cited together with this Act as the Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts, 1855 to 1884.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Public Libraries (England) Acts.

Session and Chapter. j Title.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 70 29 & 30 Vict. c. 114

34 & 35 Vict. c. 71

40 & 41 Vict. c. 54

-; The Public Libraries Act, 1855.

- ! The Public Libraries Amendment Act (England i and Scotland), 1866.

- The Public Libraries Act, 1855, Amendment Act,

; 1871.

-, The Public Libraries Amendment Act, 1877.

Part II.

Public Libraries (Scotland) .

30 & 31 Vict. c. 37 - ' The Public Libraries Act (Scotland), 1867.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 59 - The Public Libraries Act (Scotland), 1867, Amend-

j ment Act, 1871.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 54 | The Public Libraries Amendment Act, 1877.

Part III.

Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 40 - The Public Libraries Act (Ireland), 1855.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 15 ‘ - The Public Libraries (Ireland) Amendment Act,

1877.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 54 - | The Public Libraries Amendment Act, 1877.

29 & 80 Vict. c. 109.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to provide for the regulation of Her Majesty's Indian Marine Service.

[28th July 1884.]

WHEREAS a marine establishment, called Her Majesty's Indian Marine Service, is employed under the direction of the Governor General of India in Council for the transport of troops, the guarding of convict settlements, the suppression of piracy, the survey of coasts and harbours, the visiting of lighthouses, the relief of distressed or wrecked vessels, and other local objects, and is maintained out of the revenues of India:

And whereas the members of Her Majesty's Indian Marine Service are not subject either to the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, or to the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and Acts amending it, or to any corresponding law made, enacted, or in force under the authority

67

1884. Indian Marine Service Act, 1884. Ch. 38.

of the Government of India; and it is expedient that the Governor General of India in Council should have power to make laws for the purpose of maintaining discipline in that service:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Indian Marine Service Act, 1884.

2. The Governor General of India in Council shall have power, subject to the provisions contained in the Indian Councils Act, 1861, as amended by subsequent Acts, at meetings for the purpose of making laws and regulations, to make laws for all persons employed or serving in or belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Marine Service: Provided as follows,

(a.) A law made under this section shall not apply to any offence, unless the vessel to which the offender belongs is at the time of the commission of the offence within the limits of Indian waters as defined by this Act:

(b.) The punishments imposed by any such law for offences shall be similar in character to and shall not be in excess of the punishments which may at the time of making the law be imposed for similar offences under the Acts relating to Her Majesty's Navy, except that in the case of persons other than Europeans or Americans imprisonment for any term not exceeding fourteen years, or transportation for life or any less term, may be substituted for penal servitude.

3. For the purposes of this Act the expression "Indian waters " includes the high seas between the Cape of Good Hope on the west and the straits of Magellan on the east, and all territorial waters between those limits.

4. A law made under this Act shall, until the Governor General makes known that he has received a notification of the disallowance thereof by Her Majesty, or until the repeal thereof, be, subject to the provisions of this Act, of the same force and effect as an Act of Parliament, and shall be taken notice of by all courts of justice in the same manner as if it were a Public Act of Parliament.

5. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the Governor General in Council, without the previous approval of the Secretary of State for India in Council, to make any law whereby power is given to any court other than the High Courts established under the Act of the session held in the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and four " for establishing High Courts of Judicature in India, " to sentence to the punishment of death any of Her Majesty's natural-born subjects bom in Europe, or any child of any such subject

6. In case a state of war exists between Her Majesty and any foreign power, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Proclamation or Order in Council to direct that any vessel belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Marine Service and the men and officers from time to time serving thereon shall be under the command of the senior naval officer of the station where for the time being such ship may be. And while any such vessel is under such command such vessel shall be deemed to all intents a vessel of war of the .Royal Navy,

[Short title.]

Power for Governor General in Council to make laws for Indian Marine Service.

Definition of Indian waters.

Effect and judicial notice of laws made under Act.

Restriction on or power to make law imposing sentence of death.

Placing of vessels, officers and men of Indian Marine Service under Naval Discipline Acts in time of war.

68

Ch. 38, 39. Indian Marine Service Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

and the men and officers from time to time serving in such vessel shall be under such Naval Discipline Act or Acts as may be in force for the time being mid subject to such regulations as may be issued by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State for India in Council.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the Naval Discipline Act, 1866.

[28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Amendment of 29 & 30 Vict c. 109. s. 56 as to trial of offences by officer in command of a ship.

44 & 45 Vict.

c. 58.

Amendment of Part III.

1. In section fifty-six of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, the following enactments shall be substituted for the provisions of that section relating to the trial of an offence by a commanding officer repealed by this Act, and shall be sub-sections two and three of that section, and sub-section three shall be numbered four.

(2.) Any offence not capital which is triable under this Act, and (except in the cases by this Act expressly provided for) is not committed by an officer, may, under such regulations as the Admiralty from time to time issue, be summarily tried and punished by the officer in command of the ship to which the offender belongs at the time either of the commission or of the trial of the offence, subject to the restriction that the commanding officer shall not have power to award penal servitude or to award imprisonment for more than three months.

(3.) The power by this section vested in an officer commanding a ship may, —

(a.) as respects persons on board a tender to the ship, be exercised, when the tender is absent from the ship, by the officer in command of the tender; and

(b.) as respects persons on board any boat or boats belonging to the ship, be exercised, when such boat or boats is or are absent on detached service, by the officer in command of the boat or boats; and

(c.) as respects persons subject to this Act on shore on detached service, or such of those persons as are not for the time being made subject to military law by an order under section one hundred and seventy-nine of the Army Act, 1881, be exercised by the officer in immediate command on shore of those persons.

Amendment of Part IV.

Amendment of 2. In section fifty-eight of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, the ^9 & so Vict. following amendments shall be made:—

to hcddiiig or (A-) Whereas by sub-section three of section fifty-eight of the

constitution of Naval Discipline Act, 1866, it is enacted that a court-martial shall

courts-martial.

1884.

69

Naval Discipline Act, 1884. Ch. 39.

not be held unless at least three of Her Majesty's ships, commanded as therein mentioned, are together at the time when such court-martial is held, and it is expedient to reduce the number, therefore Two shall be substituted for three in sub-section three of section fifty-eight.

(b.) There shall be substituted for sub-section seven of section fifty-eight the following sub-section: —

(7.) No court-martial for the trial of a person below the rank of captain in Her Majesty's navy shall be duly constituted unless the president is a captain or of higher rank, nor, if the person to be tried is of the rank of commander, unless, in addition to the president, two other members of the court are of the rank of commander or of higher rank.

Amendment of Part V.

3. There shall be substituted for sections seventy and seventy-one of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, the following section, which shall be numbered as section seventy: —

Where a person is in pursuance of this Act convicted by a court-martial, and either is sentenced or has his sentence commuted to penal servitude, such conviction and sentence shall be of the same effect as if such person had been convicted by a civil court in the United Kingdom of an offence punishable by penal servitude and sentenced by that court to penal servitude, and all enactments relating to a convict so sentenced shall, so far as circumstances admit, apply accordingly; and the said convict shall be removed to some prison in which a convict so sentenced by a civil court in the United Kingdom can be confined either permanently or temporarily, and the order of the Admiralty or of the Commander-in-Chief, or of the officer ordering the court-martial by whom such person was convicted, shall be a sufficient warrant for the transfer of the said person to such prison to undergo his sentence according to law, and until he reaches such prison for his detention in naval custody, or in any civil prison or place of confinement.

4. There shall be added at the end of section seventy-three of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, the following proviso:—

Provided that nothing in this section shall cause a person to undergo imprisonment for any period exceeding two consecutive years, and so much of any term of imprisonment imposed on a person by a sentence in pursuance of this section as would prolong his imprisonment beyond that period shall be deemed to be remitted.

5. There shall be added to section seventy-four of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, the following sub-sections as sub-sections two and three thereof: —

(2.) Where, by reason pi a ship being at sea or off a place at which there is no proper prison, a sentence of imprisonment cannot be duly executed, then, subject as herein-after mentioned, an offender under sentence of imprisonment may be sent with all reasonable speed to some place at which there is a proper prison in which the sentence can be duly executed, and on arrival there the offender shall undergo his sentence, in like manner as if the date of such

Amendment of s. 70 as to sentence of penal servitude and imprisonment.

Amendment o s. 73 as to cumulative sentences of imprisonment.

Amendment of s. 74 to to commencement of term of imprisonment.

70

Amendment of s. 81 as to the Admiralty setting apart buildings and ships as naval prisons.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.

Construction and printing; of Naval Discipline Act.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 109.

Ch. 39. Naval Discipline Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

arrival were the day on which the sentence was awarded, and that notwithstanding that in the meanwhile he has returned to his duty or become entitled to his discharge; and the term of imprisonment shall be reckoned accordingly, subject however to the deduction of anytime during which he has been kept in confinement in respect of the said sentence.

(3.) Where in pursuance of this Act a person is sentenced to imprisonment, the order of the Admiralty or of the Commander-in-Cluef, or of the officer ordering the court-martial by which such person was sentenced, or, if he was sentenced by the commanding officer of a ship, the order of such commanding officer, shall be a sufficient warrant for the sending of such person to the place of imprisonment, there to undergo his sentence according to law, and until he reaches such place of imprisonment, for his detention in naval custody, or in any civil prison or place of confinement.

6. There shall be substituted for the portion of section eighty-one of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, which is repealed by this Act, the following enactment, which shall be sub-section two thereof: —

(2.) The Admiralty shall have the same power and authority in respect to naval prisons as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State has in relation to military prisons under section one hundred and thirty-three of the Army Act, 1881, and that section shall apply as if it were herein re-enacted with the substitution of the Admiralty " for " a Secretary of State, " and of " naval " for " military, " and rules and regulations may be made accordingly by the Admiralty.

Supplemental.

7. — (1.) Every enactment and word of this Act which is expressed to be substituted for or added to any portion of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, shall form part of that Act in the place assigned to it by this Act, and the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, and all Acts, including this Act, which refer thereto shall, after the commencement of and subject to the savings contained in this Act, be construed as if the said enactment or word had been originally enacted in the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, in the place so assigned, and, where it is substituted for another enactment or word, had been so enacted in lieu of that enactment or word; and the expression "this Act " as used in the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, or this Act, shall be construed accordingly.

(2.) A copy of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, with every such enactment and word inserted in the place so assigned, and with the omission of the parts expressly repealed by this Act or by the Statute Law Revision Act, 1875, and with the sections and subsections numbered in manner directed by this Act, shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments, and deposited with the rolls of Parliament; Her Majesty's printers shall print in accordance with the copy so certified all copies of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, which are printed after the commencement of this Act.

1884. Naval Discipline Act, 1884. Ch. 89. 71

Repeal, Commencement, and Short.

8. — (1.) The ’Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are Repeal of

hereby repealed, as from the commencement of this Act, to the Acts, *nd extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned. sayings.

(2.) This Act or the repeal enacted by this Act shall not affect anything done or suffered or any right or liability acquired or incurred before the commencement of this Act, and shall not affect any legal proceeding in reference to any such thing, right, or liability, and any such legal proceeding may be instituted, carried on, and completed as if this Act had not passed.

(3.) In the case of any offence committed before the commencement of this Act, if any proceeding for the trial or punishment of the offender has been commenced before the commencement of this Act, such proceeding may be carried on and completed and the offender may be tried and punished as if this Act had not passed, but, save as aforesaid, this Act shall apply to the trial and punishment of a person accused of such offence, and the section substituted for sections seventy and seventy-one of the Naval Discipline Act,

1866, and the addition to section seventy-four of that Act with respect to the warrant for sending a person to a place of imprisonment shall apply to a person sentenced, whether before or after the •commencement of this Act.

(4.) Any regulations in force in any naval prison at the commencement of this Act shall continue in force until revoked by regulations made in pursuance of this Act.

9. This Act shall come into force at the expiration of six months Commence-from the passing thereof, or at any earlier date from time to time ment of Act. fixed by the Admiralty, and the Admiralty may fix different dates

for different stations and places, and the day on which thiB Act comes into operation on any station or in any place shall as regards that station or place be deemed to be the commencement of this Act.

[Short title.]

10. This Act may be cited as the Naval Discipline Act, 1884.

SCHEDULE.

Acts repealed.

A Description or citation of a portion of an Act in this Schedule is inclusive of the word section or other part first and last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion described in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

44 Geo. 3. c. 13. An Act to prevent the desertion and escape of petty officers, seamen, and others from His Majesty's service, by means or under colour of any civil or criminal process. The whole Act.

72

Ch. 39, 40.

Naval Discipline Act, 1884.

47 & 48 .VICT.

Short title of Act.

Government of Isle of Man may contract with reformatory or industrial schools in Great Britain for reception of Manx children.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. An Act for the punishment of idle and disorderly persons, and rogues and vagabonds, in that part of Great Britain called England. Section sixteen, from " other than a person " down to " to England.’ ’

29 & 30 Vict. An Act to make provision Section fifty-six from " and

c. 109. for the discipline of the navy. any offence " to the end of sub-section two; in section fifty-eight, sub-section seven; section seventy; section seventy-one; section seventy-seven; section eighty-one, from ‘‘ and all powers and authorities with respect to" to the end of the section; in section eighty-four the date " 1866."

CHAPTER 40.

An Act for enabling Manx Children to be sent to Reformatory or Industrial Schools in Great Britain.

[28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Reformatory and Industrial Schools (Manx Children) Act, 1884.

2. Where under any Act or Acts of the Legislature of the Isle of Man it is or may be lawful for the justices or a court in the said island to sentence a young person to be sent to a reformatory or industrial school in Great Britain, and provision is made under any such Act or Acts to the satisfaction of a Secretary of State —

(1.) For the expenses of the conveyance of such young person to the school to which he is sent, and for his reconveyance on his discharge from such school to the Isle of Man; and (2.) For the expenses of the maintenance of such young person at such school; and (3.) For the contribution (if any) to be made by the parent, stepparent, guardian, or other person liable to maintain the child so sent, and the mode in which such contribution is to be raised.

The Government of the said Isle may, with the assent of a Secretary of State and with the approval of the Tynwald court, contract with the managers of any reformatory or industrial school in Great Britain for the reception of young persons sentenced to be sent to any such school by justices or a court in the said Isle.

1884. Reforrrmt(yry<i'l7idu8trialSchools(Ma/nxChildren) Act.CR. 40, 41. 78

3. A young person sentenced as aforesaid in the said Isle to he Manx children sent to a reformatory or industrial school in Great Britain may be be 8611410 conveyed in the custody of any constable or other person acting

under a warrant issued by any competent justices or court in the school in Isle of Man, to the school to which he is sentenced to be sent, and Great Britain* he shall during his conveyance to such school be deemed to be in legal custody, both on sea and on land, and when delivered up to the managers of the school to which he is sent he may thenceforth be dealt with in the same manner and be subject to the Reformatory Schools Act or Industrial Schools Acts in the same way as if he had been sent to such school by justices, a magistrate, or a court in the United Kingdom.

4. In the construction of this Act the expression "justices, " as Definitions, applied to the Isle of Man, means two justices or a high bailiff sitting as a court of summary jurisdiction; and the expression "a court, " as applied to the Isle of Man, means the court of general

gaol delivery, or a judge of the High Court of Justice of the Isle of Man.

The expression "Reformatory Schools Act" means the Reforma- 29 & 30 Vict, tory Schools Act, 1866. c< 117-

The expression "Industrial Schools Acts" means the Industrial 29 & 30 Vict. Schools Act, 1866, and the Industrial Schools Acts Amendment 1]i8 *

Act, 1880. til

The expression "a Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

In the construction of the Reformatory Schools Act and the Industrial Schools Acts for the purposes of this Act —

The expression "young person " includes youthful offender under the Reformatory Schools Act, and " child " under the Industrial Schools Acts.

The expression "judge of assize, " or "court of general or quarter sessions, " or "circuit court of justiciary, " or "sheriff," means the court of general gaol delivery, or a judge of the High Court of Justice of the Isle of Man.

The expressions " sentence " and " sentenced " include " order " and " ordered " as used in the Industrial Schools Acts.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the Building Societies Act, 1874.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the laws relating to building societies:

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Building Societies Construction Act, 1874, and the Building Societies Act, 1875, and the Building a.nd short Societies Act, 1877, and may be cited as the Building Societies Act, title *

1884, or, together with the said Acts, as the Building Societies Acts.

74

Ch. 41, 42.

Building Societies Act, 1884. 47 & 48 VICT.

Definition of word " disputes."

2. The word "disputes" in the Building Societies Acts, or in the rules of any society thereunder, shall be deemed to refer only to /jr7~* /} /, disputes between the society and a member, or any representative IvUw^k i/utmpef a member m ms capacity <5f aTmember oi the society, unless by c&j'Kuthe Titties for to time being it shall be otherwise expressly provided;

hiAv&i / •"d* of such express provision, shall not apply to

&4/-0& my between any such society and any member thereof, or

’ 7, other person whatever, as to the construction or effect of any mort-, gage deed, or any contract contained in any document, otPEr than rules of the society, and shall not prevent any society, ' or any Ki jmemferthereof, or any person claiming through or under him, from Obtaining in the ordinary course of law any remedy in respect of $aC\(uPU/' y any such mortgage or other contract to which he or the society would otherwise be by law entitled; Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall apply to any dispute pending at any time before the passing of this Act between any such society and any member thereof, or other person, which \ before the passing of this Act shall have been actually referred, or agreed to be referred, to arbitration, or as to which the jurisdiction of any court of law shall have been adjudged to be excluded by a decision of any court of competent jurisdiction in an action or suit between the society and any member thereof or other person.

23 & 24 Vict, c. 79.

[Short title.]

Construction and short title.

Acts may be applied more than once to the same court house or county.

Representation to be communicated to Chief Commissioner of Works and Treasury.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to amend the Sheriff Court Houses Act, 1860.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Sheriff Court Houses Act, 1860, herein-after called the principal Act:

Be it enacted by the Qufeen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884.

2. The principal Act, and an Act passed in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend certain provisions of the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Act, 1860, " and this Act, shall be read and construed together, and may be cited as the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Acts, 1860 to 1884. '

3. Where a representation is made to the Secretary of State under section three of the principal Act, it shall not be any objection to such representation that a previous representation with respect to the same court house or with respect to the court house accommodation in the same county has been made and proceeded with.

4. Before the Secretary of State intimates his opinion to the Commissioners of Supply on any representation made to him under the principal Act in terms of section four of the said Act, he shall transmit such representation to the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for his report thereon, and

75

1884. Sheriff Court Homes (SwU(md)AirLeTidrnent Act, 1884. Ch. 42.

on receiving such report shall transmit it to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their observations.

5. Whereas it is provided by section fifteen of the principal Act Liability of that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to pay one half of the total expense of the erection or im- of estimated provement of any court house under the provisions of the said cost of con^ Act; it.is hereby declared that such payment shall be limited to one 8truction-half of the estimated expense according to the estimate approved

of by the said Commissioners in terms of section eleven of the said Act, and any excess over such estimate shall be defrayed out of the court house assessments, unless such excess has been. expressly sanctioned by the said Commissioners, in which case one half thereof shall be paid by them:Provided that in case of any court house

regulated by a special Act or Acts, such excess may be defrayed in the manner provided in such Act or Acts for defraying the expense of such court house.

6. Section sixteen of the principal Act, providing that the Repeal of expenses of managing and keeping in repair the court houses erected -37* 24 ^lct‘ or improved under the provisions of the said Act shall be paid by Treasury to . the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be repealed, and pay a fixed

from and after the passing of this Act- it shall be lawful, for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to contribute towards the tcnance. expense of maintaining, managing, and keeping in repair, and of cleaning, lighting, and warming any court house within the meaning of the principal Act, whether erected prior or subsequently to the date of the said Act, including the salaries or wages of porters, hall-keepers, and other incidental annual disbursements, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, such fixed annual sum as may from time to time appear to them to be sufficient for that purpose, having regard to the average of the amounts actually disbursed under the said several heads during the past three years if the court has been opened so long for the despatch of business, and to the average expenditure in other court houses of similar extent, and to the age and existing state of repair of the buildings.

If there is any excess of expenditure under the said several heads over such fixed annual sum, such excess, unless specially sanctioned by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be defrayed by the county (or, in the case of the county of Lanark, by the district of the county, as the same is divided by the principal Act) and the burgh or burghs situated therein, in the proportion of their respective vacations for the time being according to the valuation roll, and, in Ae case of the county or district, the same shall be paid out of e county general assessment levied therein, and, in the case of the burgh or burghs, out of any police assessment levied therein: Provided that in the case of any court house regulated by a special Act or Acts, such excess shall be defrayed in the manner provided in such Act or Acts for defraying the expense of such court house.

7. It shall be lawful for the First Commissioner of Works to Government depute an officer from time to time to inspect any court house inspector, towards the cost or maintenance of which a contribution is made

from public funds, in order to see that the money is properly expended and the buildings are kept in proper repair; and if it

76

Liability in case of

destruction by fire.

Court house assessments under Local Acts may be levied with the county general assessment.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 48.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 45.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Repeal of obsolete punishments for nonpayment of fines and other sums of money.

Ch. 42, 43. Sheriff Court Houses (S.) Amendment Act 47 & 48 Vict.

shall appear to him that any repairs require to be executed, the Secretary of State shall have power, on receiving his report to that effect, to call upon the Commissioners of Supply or the persons in whom such court house is vested under any special Act or Acts to execute the same.

8. If any court house erected or improved under the Sheriff Court Houses Acts is destroyed or injured by fire after its completion, the Commissioners of Supply, or the persons in whom such court house is vested under any special Act or Acts, shall be bound to re-erect and restore the same, if required to do so by the Secretary of State, and the provisions of the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Acts, 1860 to 1884, and any special Act or Acts relating to the court house so destroyed or injured, shall extend and apply to its re-erection or restoration in the same manner as if it were a court house to be erected or improved under the provisions of the said Acts.

9. The Commissioners of Supply of any county authorised by any Local or Private Act of Parliament to impose any assessment for the purposes of or with reference to any court house or buildings for the accommodation of the sheriffs and justices of the peace, and for meetings of the Commissioners of Supply, may, notwithstanding anything in such Local or Private Act, impose, levy, and collect such assessment at the same time, and in the same manner, as the county general assessment.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to repeal divers Enactments rendered unnecessary by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts and other Acts relating to Proceedings before Courts of Summary Jurisdiction, and to make further provision for the uniformity of Proceedings before those Courts.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS the Summary Jurisdiction Acts regulate the procedure before courts of summary jurisdiction and on appeals from those courts to courts of quarter sessions, and it is expedient to provide for uniformity of procedure in all such cases:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act maybe cited as the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

3. Whereas the Summary Jurisdiction Acts provide for the imprisonment of a person for the nonpayment in certain cases of a sura of money adjudged to be paid by the conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction, and it is expedient to repeal so much of any enactment as provides the punishment of whipping or any punishment other than imprisonment, with or without hard labour, provided for such nonpayment: Be it therefore enacted that —

So much of any Act as enacts that a person on nonpayment of a sum of money adjudged to be paid by the conviction or order of a

77

1884. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. Ch. 43.

court of summary'jurisdiction in England shall be liable to be whipped or to any other punishment than imprisonment, with or without hard labour, is hereby repealed.

4. The Acts contained in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

Provided that —

(1.) Where an enactment extends beyond England that enact-. ment shall be repealed only as regards England; and

(2.) The expression in the said " schedule conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction " shall mean a conviction or order made in pursuance of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts; and

(3.) This repeal shall not revive any enactment repealed by any of the repealed Acts, nor shall it affect —

(a.) Anything duly done or suffered before the commencement of this Act under any enactment hereby repealed; or

(b.) Any legal proceeding or appeal commenced, or any writ, warrant, or instrument made or issued before the commencement of this Act; and any such legal proceeding, appeal, writ, warrant, and instrument may be carried on and executed as if this Act had not passed.

A reference in any Act of Parliament or other document to any enactment repealed by this Act, whether incorporating or applying such enactment or otherwise, shall be construed to refer to the corresponding enactment in the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and so far as there is no such corresponding enactment shall be repealed.

5. Whereas doubts may arise as to whether the Summary Jurisdiction Acts apply, or will, after the repeal enacted by this Act takes effect, apply to the proceedings before justices referred to in the sections mentioned in the third column of the schedule to this Act, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted that —

The repeal enacted by this Act shall not take away any jurisdiction of any justices to act summarily in any matter referred to in an enactment hereby repealed, and the Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, apply to every proceeding before justices as to which the procedure is wholly or partly repealed by this Act in substitution for the procedure so repealed.

And for the further removal of doubts it is hereby declared that where by virtue of the repeal enacted by this Act or otherwise any statute authorising the infliction by any justice or justices of a penalty or fine, either as a sole punishment or as an alternative punishment for imprisonment, provides no method for the recovery of such penalty or fine, sections nineteen and twenty-one of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, as amended by section twenty-one of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, shall apply to the recovery of such penalty or fine.

6. Where a person is authorised by any Act passed before the commencement of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, to appeal from the conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction

Repeal of Acts in schedule.

Removal of doubts as to application of Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

Application of provisions of 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. respect-

78

mg appeals to appeals under prior Acts.

Removal of doubt as to 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. s. 50.

Extension of 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. s. 30.

Removal of doubts as to effect of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. s. 227. on 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. s. 38.

Saving for the recovery of poor rates, &c.

Recovery of payments certified by district auditors.

Ch. 43. Summary Jurisdiction, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

made in pursuance of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, or from the refusal to make any conviction or order in pursuance of those Acts, to a court of general or quarter sessions, he shall after the passing of this Act appeal to such court subject to the conditions and regulations contained in the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, with respect to an appeal to a court of general or quarter sessions.

7. Whereas by section fifty of the Summary Jurisdiction’Act, 1879, it is enacted that the expression "court of summary jurisdiction " shall in that Act and any future Act mean " any justice " or justices of the peace or other magistrate by whatever name called " to whom jurisdiction is given by or who is or are authorised to " act under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or any of such Acts."

And whereas doubts have arisen as to whether the said section extends to such justice, justices, or magistrate when acting under some Act other than the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

It is hereby declared that the above recited definition of court of summary jurisdiction in section fifty of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, includes such justice, justices, or magistrate as therein mentioned, whether acting under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, or any of them, or under any other Act, or by virtue of his or their commission or by the common law.

8. Whereas doubts have arisen whether under the thirtieth section of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, the justices or council therein mentioned have power to provide more than one petty sessional court-house, and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

It is hereby declared that the power of the thirtieth section of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, given to the justices or council therein mentioned to provide a petty sessional court-house shall be deemed to extend to providing more than one such petty sessional court-house if the justices or council shall think it necessary or expedient so to do.

And for the further removal of doubts it is hereby declared that a petty sessional court-house or occasional court-house for the use of the justices of any county may be outside the limits of the petty sessional division for which such court-house is provided or appointed, and may be either in the said county, or in any adjoining county or borough, and for the purpose of the jurisdiction of any justices acting in such court-house the same shall be deemed to be within the county and the petty sessional division for which such justices act.

9. Nothing in section two hundred and twenty-seven of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall be taken to have repealed section thirty-eight of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

10. Nothing in this Act shall alter the procedure for the recovery of or any remedy for the nonpayment of any poor rate, or of any rate or sum the payment of which is not adjudged by the conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction.

11. The payment of any sum certified by a district auditor to be due in accordance with the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1844, and the Acts amending the same, or with any other Act may, together

79

1884. Sv/minary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. Ch. 43.

with the costs of the proceedings for the recovery thereof, he enforced in like manner as if it were a sum due in respect of the poor rate.

12. Whereas by section twenty-nine of the Summary Jurisdiction Effect of Act, 1879, the Lord Chancellor is authorised from time to time to forms, make rules in relation to the forms to be used under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or any of them, and to annul and to add to forms in relation to summary proceedings contained in other Acts, and doubts have arisen with respect to the effect of the forms altered by such rules, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted that —

A form authorised by any rules for the time being in force in pursuance of the said section shall be of the same effect as if it were contained in the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, or in any other u & 12 Vict. Act to which the form is made applicable. c. 48.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

This schedule down to the year 1868 refers to the Statutes, Revised Edition, published by authority under the direction of the Statute Law Committee.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act in this schedule is inclusive of the word, section, or other part first and last mentioned or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion described in the description or citation.

Year and Chapter.

3 Will. & Mar. c. 11.

7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 6.

1 Anne, Stat. 2, c. 22.

9 Geo. l. c. 27.

[Short Title.]

Title or

An Act for the better explanation and supplying the defects of the former laws for the settle-I ment of the poor.

I An Act for the more easy rc-coverie of small tythes.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the abuses and frauds of persons employed in the working up the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, and iron manufactures of this kingdom.

An Act for preventing journeymen shoemakers selling, exchanging, or pawning boots, shoes, slippers, cut leather, or other materials for making boots, shoes, or slippers, and for better regulating the said journeymen.

Extent of Repeal.

Section nine from " to be levied " to end of section.

Section two from " and alsoe " to end of section.

Section three.

Section four.

Section seven from " to be held" to "just and reasonable."

Section nine.

Section ten, and

Section twelve.

In section one the words "publicly whipped and, " and

Section four from " which shall be held " to end of section.

Section one from " and upon the neglecting" to " offence shall be committed, " and from "nor less than fourteen days " to end of section.

Section two from " or else be subject " to end of section, ana

Section five from "to be holden " to " appeal."

80

Ch. 43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Year and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

12 Geo. 1. c. 34.

11 Geo. 2. c. 19.

12 Geo. 2. c. 28.

13 Geo. 2. c. 8.

15 Geo. 2. c. 27.

19 Geo. 2. c. 21.

22 Geo. 2. c. 27.

- 1 An Act to prevent unlawful com-j binations of workmen employed

in the woollen manufactures, and for better payment of their wages.

• An Act for the more effectual

securing the payment of rents and preventing frauds by tenants.

• J An Act for the more effectual j preventing of excessive and j deceitful gaming.

- An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the first year of the reign of Her late Majesty I Queen Anne, intituled " An ! " Act for the more effectual

j " preventing the abuses and

" frauds of persons employed 1 " in the working up the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton,

I " and iron manufactures of " this kingdom, " and for extending the said Act to the manufactures of leather.

- ' An Act for the more effectual preventing any cloth or wool-| len goods remaining upon the rack or tenters, or any wool- len yam or wooll left out to dry, from being stolen or taken ' away in the nighttime.

- 1 An Act more eff ectually to prevent profane cursing and

swearing.

• An Act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of nats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures;

I Section two from "by warrant" to "respective jurisdictions, " and from " for any time " to end of section. Section three from "and for want of sufficient " to end of section, and Section five from " to be hoi* den " to end of section. Section four from "without bail " to end of section, and Section five from " to be held " to end of section.

Section five from " for the said county " to end of section. Section six from " be set aside" to "conviction or judgment", and Section eight.

In section one, the words "whipped and", and from " for any time not exceeding three months" to end of section.

Section four from "and shall be there likewise " to " order and direct ", and from " for any time not exceeding three months"to end of section, and Section nine from " to be held " to end of section.

Section one from " and in default of payment " to " they pay the same ", and Section two from " which shall happen " to end of section.

Section two.

Section five.

Section six.

Section seven, the words "for the space of one month ".

Section eight, from " in the words and form" down to " day and year aforesaid ", and the words "said form and " and from " and the said justice" to the end of the section.

Section ten from " and that all charges " to end of section, ! and

Section fourteen.

Section one from "there to be kept to hard labour for the space " to end of section.

Section two from " and in case the said forfeiture " to end of section.

Section six from "notice in writing " to end of section.

1884.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. Ch. 43.

81

Yeariuid Chapter.

27 Geo. 2. c. 7.

5 Geo. 3. c. 51.

14 Geo. 3. c. 25.

14 Geo. 3. c. 44.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

' and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot pressers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures, and for the better payment of their wages.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of clocks and watches.

An Act for repealing several laws relating to the manufacture of woollen cloth in the county of York, and also so much of several other laws as prescribes particular standards of width and length of such woollen cloths; and for substituting other regulations of the cloth trade within the West Riding of the said county, for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth, and for preserving the credit of the said manufacture at the foreign market.

An Act for the more effectual preventing frauds and embezzlements by persons employed in the woollen manufactory.

An Act the title of which begins with the words — " An Act to amend an Act " and ends with the words — " payment of their wages.

F

Section eight, and So much of section twelve as applies any enactment repealed by this Act.

Section one from " unless

such forfeiture *’ to the first "respectively committed", and from " for any time not exceeding three months* to end of section.

Section two from the first

" unless the said forfeiture to the first ‘ ‘ appear reasonable", and from "for any time not exceeding three months *, to " appear reasonable."

Section three from " the person so convicted to end of section.

Section four from "in the

form and words" down to "day and year aforesaid, the words "said form and ’* and from "and the said

justice *’ to the end of the section, and

Section five.

In section eleven the words "nor less than forty shillings ’*.

In section twenty-four the words "for any time not exceeding three months *, and

Section twenty-five from "to be held *’ to end of section.

Section seven from "to be held ’* to end of section. Section eight, and Section nine.

Section two, the words "nor less than five shillings ’*. Section three.

Section four, and In section five, the words "at the time of such conviction *, and from " abide the order of" down to "adjudged by the justices of guoh sessions’ *, and from " and may affirm ’* to "all intents and purposes".

S2

C&.43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.-

Year and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

I

15 Geo. 3. c. 14. - An Act the title of which begins

with the words — "An Act to explain and amend/’ and ends with the wordi — " payment of their wages."

17 Geo. 3. c. 11. - An Act for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted, yarn, and goods made from worsted in the counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester.

17 Geo. 3. c. 29. - An Act for the more effectual

prevention of the manufac-I turing of ash, elder, sloe, and j other leaves in imitation of tea, and to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise in respect to tea.

17 Geo. 3. c. 55.

17 Geo. 3. c. 56.

An Act for the better regulating the hat manufactory.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the several laws now in being for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures, and also for making provisions to prevent frauds by journeymen dyerS.

24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 3.

25 Geo. 3. c. 40

An Act for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing . wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in the county of Suffolk.

An Act for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in the

The whole Act.

So much of section twelve as applies any enactment repealed by this Act.

Section twenty.

1 Section twenty-one from " to be held for the county " to the end of the section.

Section twenty-two, down to "judgment be affirmed and ", and

Section twenty-three.

Soction one from "there to remain " to end of section.

Section two from "there to remain " to end of section.

I Section three from " there to remain " to end of section.

Section eight, and

Section nine, from "shall be certified by " down to " which said conviction."

Section three, and

Section eight from "to be held " to end of section.

Section three from "for any time " to end of section.

Section- four from " for any time " to end of section.

Section fourteen from "all which said respective forfeitures " to " adjudged guilty, " and from "and if no sufficient distress " to end of section.

Section seventeen from "to remain for any time " to end of section.

Section twenty from "to be holden " to end of section.

Section twenty-one, and

Section twenty-two from " and the justices before whom" to the end of the section.

Section twenty-two.

Section twenty-three from " to be held" to end of section.

Section twenty-four, down to "judgment be affirmed and ", and

Section twenty-five.

Section thirty.

Section thirty-one from "to be held " to end of section.

Section thirty-two down to "judgment be affirmed and ", and

1884.

Swrwrnary Jurisdiction Act, 1884,

Ch. 43.

83

Tear and Chapter.

26 Geo. 3. c. 71.

[Short Title.]

Title or

comities of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

- An Act for regulating houses and other places kept for the purpose of slaughtering horses.

Extent of Repeal.

Section thirty-three.

' Section five from "to be raised by distress" to end of section.

Section ten the words "nor less than ten pounds " and from " for any time " to end of section.

Section eleven.

Section thirteen, the words "nor less than ten pounds ", and from " there to remain " to end of section.

Section fifteen, the words "nor less than ten pounds ", and

Section sixteen.

31 Geo. 3. c. 56.

An Act more effectually to prevent abuses and frauds committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool and worsted yarn in the county of Norfolk and oity of Norwich and county of the said city.

Section twenty-six from "for any term " to end of section. Section twenty-seven.

Section twenty-eight from " to be held" to "judgment be affirmed ", and Section twenty-nine.

32 Geo. 3. c. 56.

32 Geo. 3. c. 57.

33 Geo. 3. c. 55.

An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of certificates of the characters of servants.

An Act for the further regulation of parish apprentices.

An Act to authorise justices of the peace to impose fines upon j constables, overseers, and other peace or parish officers for neglect of duty, and on masters of apprentices for ill-usage of such their apprentices, and also to make provision for the execution of warrants of distress granted by magistrates.

Section six, the words "the sum of ten shillings for, " and from "without bail" to end of section.

Section nine, and Section ten from " to beheld " to " all intents and purposes ".

Section eleven,

Section twelve, and Section thirteen.

Section one from " and by warrant " to " offender or offenders", and from "to bo held " to end of section, and Section two.

36 Geo. 3. c. 60.

An Act to regulate the making and vending of metal buttons, and to prevent the purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real quality of such buttons.

Section eight from "and to award " to end of section. Section nine from " upon giving" to "affirmed", and from "for the county" to end of section.

Section ten from "Provided that such penalties ".

Section eleven,

Section twelve, and Section thirteen.

84

CH. 43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Year and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

36 Geo. 3. c. 85. An Act for the better regulation of mills. ! | Section eight from "and in case" to "paid and satis-t fied ", and from " upon j giving security " to "judg-(ment shall be affirmed ", i and from " for the county " i to " themselves shall seem !• meet ", and j Section ten.

•36 Geo. 3. c. 88.

39 Geo. 3. c. 79.

An Act to regulate the buying and selling of hay and straw, and for repealing so much of two Acts made In the second year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the thirty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of hay and straw within the limits therein mentioned.

An Act for the more effectual suppression of societies established for seditious and treasonable purposes, and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices.

39 &40 Geo. 3. c. 77.

41 Geo. 3. c. 109. U, K.

An Act for the security of collieries and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners.

An Act for consolidating in one Act certain provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the mode of proving the several facts usually required on the passing of such Acts.

Section twenty - two from "without bail" to end of section.

Section twenty-six from " to summon the person" down to " authorised and required", and from "to be ascertained" to end of section.

Section twenty-eight, to " person shall reside ", and from "and if it shall" to end of section, and

Section twenty-nine from " of the county " to " such appeal with effect."

Section eight from " and in case such sum " to " three calendar months ".

Section nine from " so as such punishment " to end of section.

Section thirty-five from "and in case such last-mentioned penalty " to end of section.

In section thirty-eight, the words "convictions by any " justice or justices of the " peace for offences against " this Act, and ", and

Form of conviction in schedule.

Section eight, and

Section ten from " to be held in and for" to "as they shall judge reasonable ".

Section thirty-nine from " for which purpose " to "reasonable costs.

42 Geo. 3. c. 46.

• An Act to require overseers and guardians of the poor to keep a register of the several children who shall be bound or assigned by them as apprentices; and to extend the provisions of an Act passed in the twentieth year of t'ne reign of His present Majesty to the

Section two from "to be recovered " to " selling such distress ", and from " and in case sufficient distress " to end of section.

Section four, and Section seven, the word "first ", and from " to be holden " to end of sect on.

1884.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. Ch. 43.

85

Year and Chapter.

42 Geo. 3. c. 56.

42 Geo. 3. c. 119. 44 Geo. 3. c. 54.

48 Geo. 3. c. 75.

52 Geo. 3. c. 155. 54 Geo. 3. c. 159.

55 Geo. 3. c. 137.

56 Geo. 3. c. 139.

Extent of Repeal.

binding of apprentices by t houses of industry or establish-

ments for the poor which have been authorised so to do by subsequent Acts.

] An Act to repeal an Act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the | reign of His present Majesty for granting stamp duties oh ' certain medicines, and for

i charging other duties in lieu !

thereof; and for making effec-j tual provision for the better

j collection of the said duties.

, An Act to suppress certain games i and lotteries not authorised by | law.

An Act to consolidate and amend i the provisions of the several j Acts relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further regulations relating thereto.

, An Act for providing? suitable

j interment m churchyards or

, parochial burial grounds in

, England for such dead human

bodies as may be cast on shore from the sea in oases of wreck, or otherwise.

An Act to repeal certain Acts and amend other Acts relating to religious worship and assemblies, and persons teaching or preaching therein.

An Act for the better regulation of the several ports, harbours, roadsteads, sounds, channels, bays, and navigable rivers in the United Kingdom, and of His Majesty's docks, dockyards, arsenals, wharfs, moorings, and stores therein; and for repealing several Acts I

passed for that purpose.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — "An Act to

prevent", and ends with the j . words, — "relating to the

; poor ".

i An Act to regulate the binding (' of parish apprentices.

Section twenty.five from "at any time" to "paid and satisfied ", from " upon giving" to the first "affirm med", and from "for the county " to end of section. Section twenty-six; and Section twenty-seven.

Section six from " for any space of time" to end of section.

Section forty-five from " and if such offender " to end of section, and Section fifty-two from " to be levied " to " two months."

Section eight from " if not

gaid on conviction" to the rst " such penalties and forfeitures ", and from " and in case sufficient distress" to end of section.

Section nine.

Section ten, the word "first ", and from "to be holden" to "judgeproper".

Section eleven.

Section fifteen from " and in case " to end of section, and Section sixteen from ‘ ‘ holden next" to "prefer such

appeal."

Section twenty - one from

" there to remain " to end of section.,

Section twenty-three from

" according to the following form " down to " division or place".

Section twenty-four, and Section twenty - Bix from

" holden " to end of section Section eight from " in the following form " down to " first above written ", and Section nine from "to be held " to end of section. Section fourteen.

Section fifteen.

Section sixteen, and Section seventeen from " to beholden " to " shall think fit ’V so far as relates to an appeal against a conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction.

86

Ch. 43.

Summary Jw'isdiction Ac 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Year and Chapter.

57 Geo. 3. c. 19.

57 Geo. 3. c. 93.

59 Geo. 3. c. 7.

3 Geo. 4. c. 126.

4 Geo. 4. c. 60

4 Geo. 4. o. 80.

4 Geo. 4. c. 95.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

An Act for the more effectually preventing seditions meetings and assemblies.

An Act to regulate the costs of distresses levied for payment of small rents.

An Act to regulate the cutlery trade in England.

An Act to amend the general laws now in being for regulating turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England.

An Act for granting His Majesty a sum of money to be raised by lotteries.

An Act the title of which begins xoith the words — "An Act to consolidate ", and ends with the words, — " registered in India."

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the third year of the reign of His present Majesty, to amend the general laws now in being for regulating turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England.

Section thirty from " and in case such last - mentioned penalty " to the first " three calendar months ".

Section thirty-four from " convictions '* to " against this Act, and ", and Forms I. and III. in Schedule. Section two from " and in case of nonpayment" to end of section.

Section three.

Section four to " original complaint ".

Section five and the Forms of order in schedule. Section eight from "and all such justices " to end of section.

Section nine from " upon giving" to " affirmed ", and from "for the county" to end of section.

Section ten from " provided that" to end of section. Section eleven,

Section twelve,

Section thirteen, and Section fifteen.

Section one hundred and thirty-eight.

Section one hundred and forty-one from beginning of section to "sooner paid and satisfied ".

Section one hundred and forty-four so far as relates to a proceeding before a court of summary jurisdiction, and The forms numbered 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 in the schedule. Section thirty-eight, and Section sixty-seven, the words "nor less than one calendar month ", and from " and any such adjudication" to "et cetera ".

Section twenty-nine; and Section thirty.

Section eighty-three, and Section eighty-seven from " to be held" to "intents and purposes ", and from " Provided always, that in case " to "determined", so far as relates to an appeal against a conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction.

1884.

Summary Jurisdiction 1884. Ch. 43,

87

[Short Title.]

Tear and Chapter. Title or

5 Geo. 4. c. 88. - An Act for the punishment of idle and disorderly persons, and rogues and vagabonds, in that part of Great Britain called England.

6 Geo. 4. c. 50.- An Act for consolidating and amending the laws relative to jurors and juries.

9 Geo. 4. c. 69. - An Act for the more effectual prevention of persons going armed by night for the destruction of game.

1 A 2 Will. 4. c. 22.

An Act to amend the laws relating to hackney carriages, and to waggons, carts, and drays nsed in the Metropolis; and to place the collection of the duties on hackney carriages and on hawkers and pedlars in England under the Commissioners of Stamps.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32.

- An Act to amend the laws in England relative to game.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c 37.

An Act to prohibit the payment in certain trades of wages in goods, or otherwise than in the current coin of the realm.

Extent of Repeal.

Section seven.

Section eleven from " and in case such offender " to end of section.

Section fourteen from " for the county" to end of section, and

Section seventeen.

Section fifty-six, and

Section fifty-seven from " and that where any distress " to the end of the section.

Section three.

Section four so far as relates to an offence punishable upon summary conviction.

Section five.

Section six from*‘which shall be holden " to end of section; and

Section 'seven from " and no warrant " to end of section.

Section twenty - seven from "there to remain" to end of section.

Section fifty-six, the words "for any time not exceeding two calendar months ".

Section sixty-five and Schedule D.

Section sixty-nine, and j Section seventy from "provided that " to end of section.

I Section thirty-eight from " and for any term " to end of section.

Section thirty-nine.

Section forty.

Section forty-one from "and that where " to end of section.

j Section forty-three.

I Section forty-four from " to be holden*" to end of section, and

Section forty-five from " and that no warrant " to end of section.

In section nine the words "nor less than five pounds ".

Section ten from " and in case of a second offenoe " to " court and jury

Section eleven.

Section twelve.

Section fifteen.

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen from " and no warrant of distress " to end of section, and j Schedule.

88

Ch. 43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Year and Chapter. Title or Short Titir.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 41.

• An Act for amending the laws relative to the appointment of i special constables, and for the ! i better preservation of the

peace.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 120.

- An Act to repeal the duties; under the management of the i Commissioners of Stamps, and I on horses let for hire in Great Britain, and to grant other j duties in lieu thereof, and also 1 to consolidate and amend the j laws relating thereto.

3 A 4 Will. 4. c. 90.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76.

- An Act to repeal an Act of the eleventh year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for the lighting and watching of parishes in England and Wales, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

- An Act for the amendment and better administration of the laws relating to the poor in England and Wales.

5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 50.

An Actio consolidate and amend the laws relating to highways in that part of Great Britain called England.

Extent of Repeal.

Section sixteen to " such distress; and "

Section seventeen, and Section eighteen from "and that no warrant " to end of section.

Section one hundred and three from "and it shall be lawful " to " paid and satisfied and from "for the county" to " affirmed on the bearing of such appeal ".

Section one hundred and five from " provided that " to end of section.

Section one hundred and eight. Section one hundred and ten. Section one hundred and eleven Section one hundred and thirteen and Schedule B.

Section sixty-two, and Section sixty-three from " who are hereby " to "seized and distrained", from " it shall be lawful " to " otherwise, but", and from "without bail " to end of section.

Section ninety-two from " or house of correction " to end of section.

Section ninety-three from " or house of correction " to " unless such penalty shall be sooner paid."

Section one hundred and two, and

Section one hundred and three from " either of which court of sessions" to end of section.

Section seventy-five from " for any time " to end of section. Section ninety-seven.

Section one hundred and one. Section one hundred and two. Section one hundred and three from'4 by warrant under " to " nulla bona returned thereon ", and from *' for any term" to "paid and satisfied ".

Section one hundred and four. Section one hundred and five from " to be held " to end of section so far as regards an appeal from a conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction, and The forms numbered 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25 in the schedule.

1884.

Summary Jurisdiction, 1884. Ch. 43.

89

Year and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 11. - An Act for the registration of

aliens, and to repeal an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty for that purpose.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 37. - An Act to repeal the several Acts now in force relating to bread to be sold out of the city of London mid the liberties thereof, and beyond the weekly bills of mortality and ten miles of the Royal Exchange; and to provide other regulations for the making and sale of bread, and for preventing the adulteration of meal, flour, and bread beyond the limits aforesaid.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 8b.

- An Act for registering births, deaths, and marriages in England.

7 Will. 4. Al Vict. c. 36.

An Act for consolidating the laws relative to offences against the Post Office of the United Kingdom, and for regulating the

i'udicial administration of the Post Office laws, and for explaining certain terms and expressions employed in those laws.

Section ten from "prosecuted within six’* to " offences shall be *, and from "for any time " to " twenty pounds ".

In section eight, the words "nor less than five pounds" and ‘ ‘ for any time not exceeding six calendar months".

In section nine from " nor less than five pounds " to end of section.

Section twelve, the words "nor less than forty shillings, " and ‘ for any time not exceeding six calendar months."

Section thirteen from " nor less than ten days " to end of section.

Section seventeen from " which warrant such magistrate " to ‘ recognizance or otherwise", and from " and the other moiety " to end of section.

Section eighteen.

Section nineteen.

Section twenty.

Section twenty-one.

Section twenty-two.

Section twenty-three.

Section twenty-four from " and where any distress " to end of section, and

Section twenty-five from " the person or persons so convicted" to end of section, and

Section twenty-six.

Section forty-six from " which shall be holden " to end of section, and

Section forty-seven from " and no warrant " to end of section.

Section eleven.

Section thirteen from " and any such justice " to " sooner paid, " and from "for the county " to " affirmed on the hearing of such appeal."

Section fourteen from "provided that" to end of section.

Section seventeen.

Section nineteen.

Section twenty.

Section twenty-one.

Section twenty-two, and

Section forty-five and

Schedule.

90

Ch. 43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. 47 & 48 VICT.

Year and Chapter.

243 Vict. c. 71 *

3 & 4 Vict. c. 50.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 84. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 85.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 97.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 100.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 109.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 30.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 40.

[Short Title.]

Title or

- An Act for regulating the police courts in the metropolis.

• An Act to provide for keeping the peace on canals and navigable rivers.

- An Act for better defining the powers of justices within the Metropolitan police district.

- An Act for the regulation of chimney sweepers and chimneys.

, An Act for regulating railways -

- An Act to authorise and facilitate the completion of a survey of Great Britain, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of

- An Act to consolidate and amend the laws relating to the copyright of designs for ornamenting articles of manufacture.

- An Act for the appointment and payment of parish constables.

- An Act to amend the law relating to pound-breaoh and rescue in certain cases.

- An Act to amend the laws for the prevention of frauds and abuses by persons employed in the woollen, worsted, linen, cotton, flax, mohair, and silk hosiery manufactures, and for

Extent of Repeal.

Section forty-four.

Section forty-five.

Section forty-eight.

Section fifty from " to be holden " down to " by the last-mentioned justices awarded".

Section fifty-one, so far as relates to a conviction or order.

Section fifteen from " for a term" to "recovery there-, of."

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen from "and that on warrant " to end of section, and Section nineteen 'from "to be holden"to "the last-mentioned justices awarded."

Section eight from " and when the information " to end of section, and Schedule.

Section ten.

Section eleven from "which shall be holden *’ to " process for enforcing such judgment ", and Section twelve from " and no warrant " to end of section. Section thirteen from " for such period " to end of section, and Section sixteen from " for any term " to end of section. Section eight from " and not less than " to end of section. Section eleven from " and not less than " to end of section, and

Section thirteen from "to them for that purpose exhibited" to "paid or satisfied ".

Section eight from "and if the amount of such penalty *’ to the end of the Form of Conviction, and Section thirteen.

Section twenty-four.

Section one from "for any time " to " sooner paid ". Section three and Section four.

Section two from "and in default " to " over to the person convicted", and from " for any term " to end of section.

Section eleven from " and in

1884. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. Ch. 43. 91

[Short Title.]

Year and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

the farther securing the property of the manufacturers and the wages of the workmen engaged therein. default" to "over to the person convicted ", and from "for any term" to end of section. Section twenty from " for any term " to end of section. Section twenty-two. Section twenty-three. Section twenty-four from "and that" to end of section. Section twenty-seven from "for any term not exceeding two " to end of section. Section twenty-eight. Section twenty-nine from "which shall be held" to end of section, and Section thirty from " and that no warrant " to end of section.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 68. An Act for regulating theatres - Section nineteen from "by the oath or oaths " to end of section.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 101. An Act for the farther Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England. Section four from "if within twenty-four hours " down to " some one justice of the peace ", and from " to be holden after " to the end of the section.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 87. 1 An Act to amend the law for regulating places kept for slaughtering horses. Section seven from "or prison" to end of section, and Section nine from " to be holden " to " by the last-mentioned justices awarded ".

8 & 9 Vict. c. 10. An Act to make certain Provisions for Proceedings in Bastardy. Section three.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 16. i The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. Section one hundred and forty-seven from "and on complaint" to end of section. Section one hundred and forty-eight. Section one hundred and forty-nine. Section one hundred and fifty-three. Section one hundred and fifty-five, so far as relates to any matter to which the Summary Jurisdiction Acts apply. Section one hundred and fifty-seven. Section one hundred and fifty-nine from " for the county " to the end of the section, and Schedule G.

92

Ch. 43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Year and Chapter. Title or

Extent of Repeal.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 20.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 77.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 100.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 109.

- The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1846.

- The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

- An Act to make further regulations respecting the tickets | of work to be delivered to:persons employed in the manufacture of hosiery in certain cases.

- An Act for the regulation of the care and treatment of lunatics.

- An Act to amend the law concerning games and wagers.

Section one hundred and thirty-six from " and on complaint" to end of section.

Section one hundred and thirty-seven.

Section one hundred and forty-two.

Section one hundred and forty-three, so far as relates to any matter to which the Summary Jurisdiction Acts apply.

Section one hundred and forty-four.

Section one hundred and forty-six from " for the county" to end of section, and

Schedule (C.)

Section one hundred and forty-five from " and on complaint " to end of section.

Section one hundred and forty-six.

Section one hundred and forty-seven.

Section one hundred and fifty-one.

Section one hundred and fifty-three so far as relates to any matter to which the Summary Jurisdiction Acts apply.

Section one hundred and fifty-five.

Section one hundred and fifty-seven from " for the county " to end of section and

Schedule.

Section five.

Section six.

Section seven to " over to the person convicted " and

Section eight from " and that when any distress" to the end of the section.

Section one hundred and two from " and shall and may issue" to "sooner paid, and from " and the overplus " to the end of the section.

Section one hundred and three, and

Section one hundred and four from "the person appealing " to end of section.

Section eleven from and on nonpayment" to " convicting justices ", and

Section twenty from "to be holden" to "by the last-mentioned court awarded

1884.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. Ch. 43.

93

Year and Chapter.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 95.

10* 11 Vict. c. 16.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 38. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 62.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

Title or Short Tide.

- An Act for the more easy recovery of small debts and demands in England.

- The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

- An Act to facilitate the drainage of land in England and Wales.

- An Act for the establishment of naval prisons, and for the prevention of desertion from Her Majesty's Navy.

- An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties of justices of the peace out of sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary convictions and orders.

Extent of Repeal.

Section one hundred and thirty-one.

Section one hundred and thirty-two.

Section one hundred and thirty-four.

Section one hundred and thirty-five, and

Section one hundred and thirty-six, so far as it relates to any order, judgment, or proceeding before a court of summary jurisdiction.

Section seventy-one from "and if he fail" to end of section.

Section sixteen and

Section seventeen.

Section thirteen from " for any term " to " costs

Section fourteen, except so far as it applies to a proceeding under section nine; and

Section fifteen.

Section nine from "provided always that in all cases " to the end of the section.

Section twelve from "and if there be" to "shall have arisen ", so far as the same relates to a case arising under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or any future Act.

Section thirteen from "and if such defendant shall not afterwards appear " down to " evidence of such non-appearance of the said defendant."

Section sixteen from " provided always that in all cases" to the end of the section.

So much of section seventeen as specifies any form of conviction or order for which another form is provided by a rule under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

Section nineteen from "provided always " to the end of the section.

Section twenty from " provided always that in all cases" to the end of the section.

The references (S. 1.) and (S. 2.) in section twenty-seven and the forms .(S. 1.) and (S. 2.) in the schedule.

94

Ch. 43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Year and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 14.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 45.

- An Act to enable overseers of the poor and surveyors of the highways to recover the costs of distraining for rates.

- An Act to amend the procedure in courts of general and quarter sessions of the peace in England and Wales, and for the better advancement of justice in cases within the jurisdiction of those courts.

Section nine.

Section one so far as relates to any appeal against an order of a court of summary jurisdiction.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 92.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 81.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 33.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 73.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 97.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 119

- An Act for the more effectual prevention of cruelty to animals.

- An Act to consolidate and amend the statutes relating to the assessment and collection of county rates in England and Wales.

- An Act for the better regulation of metropolitan stage and hackney carriages, and for prohibiting the use of advertising vehicles.

- An Act for the establishment of a body of Naval Coast Volunteers, and for the temporary 1 transfer to the Navy in case of I need of seafaring men employed in other public services.

- The Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853

- An Act for the suppression of betting houses.

I

Section fourteen from " upon the complaint of any person " to end of section.

Section fifteen.

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen.

Section twenty-three.

Section twenty-four.

Section twenty - five from " which shall be holden " to end of section, and

Section twenty-six from "and no warrant " to end of section.

Section forty-six.

In section three the words "for any time not exceeding one month ".

In section seventeen the words "for any time not exceeding " one calendar month", and In section nineteen from " for any time " to end of section. In section twenty-three the words "for any time not exceeding six months."

In section one hundred and twenty - eight the words "within four calendar " months after such order " or determination made or " given", and from "the person appealing" to "thereupon", from " upon proof" to "quarter sessions, and", and from " and may order " to end of section.

So much of sections three and four as prescribes the term of imprisonment for nonpayment of penalty and costs.

Section thirteen from " to be holden" to "by the last-mentioned court awarded".

1884;

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. Ch. 43. '

95

Year and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 128.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 38.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 40.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 66.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 32.

- An Act to abate the nuisance arising from the smoke of furnaces in the metropolis, and from steam vessfels above London Bridge.

- An Act for the suppression of gaming houses.

- The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

- The Passengers Act, 1855

- The Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

- An Act for the establishment of a reserve volunteer force of seamen, and for the government of the same.

- An Act for regulating measures used in sales of gas.

- An Act to abolish the jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical courts in Ireland in cases of defamation, and in England and Ireland in certain cases of brawling.

Section fourteen down to "merits of the case, and", and

Section fifteen. ‘

Section one, the words "nor less than forty shillings ".

Section two, the words "nor less than forty shillings ".

So much of sections one, three, and four as prescribes the term of imprisonment for nonpayment of penalty and costs.

Section ten from " to be holden" to "by the last-mentioned court awarded."

Section eleven down to "merits of the case and", and

Section twelve.

Section five hundred and eighteen, sub - section (4), from "which is holden" to end of such sub-section.

Section eighty-five, the words "according to the form in the Schedule (N.) hereto "annexed", from "or the justice before whom " to " costs of the proceedings", find from "for any term not " exceeding three calendar " months" to "satisfied ".

Section eighty-seven, and

Schedules (N.) and (O.)

Section two hundred and thirty-one from " but no such appeal " to the end of the section, and

Section two hundred and thirty-two, from " or they may confirm" to end of section.

In section twenty - four the words "for any time not exceeding six months ".

Section twenty-two from "to be held" to "such city, borough, or county", and from " and may order " to the end of the section, so far as relates to any order, judgment, or determination of a justice of the peace, mayor, or chief magistrate.

Section four from "which shall be holden " to end of section.

96

Ch. 43,

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Tear and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 97.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 99.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 110.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 61.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 114.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 65.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 103.

- The Larceny Act, 1861 -

- An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to malicious injuries to property.

- An Act to consolidate and amend

the Statute Law of the United Kingdom against offences relating to the coin.

- The Ola Metal Dealers Act, 1861

- An Act for the better management of highways in England.

- An Act for the prevention of poaching.

- The Volenteer Act, 1863

- An Act to amend the law in certain cases of misappropriation by servants of the property of their masters.

Section one hundred and five.

Section one hundred and seven from " for any term not exceeding two months " to end of section.

Section one hundred and ten from " which shall be holden" to the first " and the costs of the appeal; " and from " and the court at such sessions " to end of section.

Section one hundred and eleven I from "and no warrant" to I end of section, and

Section one hundred and twelve.

Section sixty-two.

Section sixty-five from "kfor any term not exceeding two months " to end of section.

Section sixty-eight from " which shall be holden " to the first "and the costs of the appealand from " and the court at such sessions " to end of section.

Section sixty-nine from " and no warrant" to end of section, and

Section seventy.

Section thirty-two from " and no warrant " to end of section.

Section eleven from "which is holden " to " seem meet ".

Section forty-seven from "in manner provided " to end of section.

Section five from " and no warrant " to end of section, and

Section six from " which shall be holden " to end of section.

Section forty-eight from " held not less" in sub-section (1) to " and of the appeal " at end of sub-section (3); and from "the court " at beginning of sub-section (5) to "Metropolitan Police District"; and from "and a warrant of commitment " to " sustain the same ".

In section one the words "for " any term not exceeding " three months, unless such " penalty be sooner paid ".

Section two from " which shall be holden " to " and the costs of the appeal "; and from " and the court at such

1884.

Summary Jurisdiction, 1884,

Ch. 43.

97

Year an4 Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 121. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45.

The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865 -^he Sea Fisheries Act, 1868

32 & 33 Vict. c. 112. - The Adulteration of Seeds Act,

1869.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 31. - ! The Trade Union Act, 1871

34 & 35 Vict. c. 105. - The Petroleum Act, 1871

34 & 35 Vict. c. 112. - The Prevention of Crime Act,

1871.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 38. 35 & 36 Vict. c. 50. 35 & 36 Vict. c. 76.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 77.

-, The Infant Life Protection Act,

1872.

- The Railway Rolling Stock Pro-j tection Act, 1872.

- i The Coal Mines Regulation Act,

! 1872.

- The Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 93.

- The Pawnbrokers Act, 1872

35 & 36 Vict. c. 94.

- The Licensing Act, 1872

G

sessions" to "evidence of such conviction ", and

Section three from " and no warrant " to end of section.

Section sixty-six from " for the county" to end of section.

Section fifty-eight from "in manner directed " to " be made ", and from " for the county " to " either party ".

Section six from " held not less " to "the said Act ", and from " and a warrant of commitment " to end of section.

Section twenty from " for the county" to end of section.

Section fifteen from " the description of any offence " to ‘ informant or prosecutor " (being sub-sections 4 and 5), and from " moreover " in sub-section (6) to " direct " in sub-section (7).

Section seventeen from "the description of any offence" to " prosecutor or complainant " (being sub-sections, 2 and 3).

Section eleven from " the description " to " prosecutor."

Section six from "for the county " to end of section.

Section sixty-one from "for the county" to "party as the court thinks just", and

Section sixty-three from " the description of any offence " to " of the informant " (being sub-sections 2 and 3).

Section thirty-two from " for the county" to "party as the court thinks just ", and

Section thirty-four from " the description of any offence " to "part of the informant" (being sub-sections 2 and 3).

Section fifty-two from " for the county" to end of section, except so far as relates to an appeal against the refusal of a certificate for a licence, and

Section fifty-four.

Section fifty-one from " where the court " to " complainant; and ", (being sub-sections (2) and (3) and part of sub-section (4),) and

Section fifty-two from " for the county" to end of section, and

Section fifty-four from " moreover " to end of section.

98

Ch. 43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Year and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 77.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 86.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 67.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 17. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 60.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 63.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 86. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 45.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 77. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 16.

The Naval Artillery Volunteer Act, 1873.

The Elementary Education Act, 1873.

The Slaughter-houses, &c. (Metropolis) Act, 1874.

The Explosives Act, 1875

The Public Health Act, 1875

The Friendly Societies Act, 1875

The Sale of Food and Drug8 Act, .1875.

The Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act, 1875.

The Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1876.

The Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876.

The Factory and Workshop Act, 1878.

Section thirty-six from " the description of any offence" to " informant or complainant" (being sub-sections 1 and 2).

Section thirty-eight from " the conditions " to " this Act ", and from "for the county" to end of section, and Section forty from " moreover " to end of section. Section twenty-four from " the description of the offence" to "part of the informant" (being sub-sections 1 and 2). Section six from " subject to " to "be made", and from " for the county " to end of section.

Section ninety-three from " in manner provided " to end of section.

Section two hundred and fifty-two, and Section two hundred and sixty-nine from "for the county" in sub-section one to "release him from custody " at the end of sub-section four, and from " In the case " in subsection six to the end of the section, so far as relates to an appeal against an order or conviction of a court of summary jurisdiction.

Section thirty-three from " In any information " to " negatived " (being sub-section 5), and from " for the county " in sub-section (6) to end of such sub-section.

Section twenty-three from " which shall be held " to " think proper."

Section twelve from " for the county " to end of section. Section nineteen from " in any information " to " negatived ", being sub-section (5), and from for the county " in sub-section (6) to end of such sub-section.

Section sixteen from " subject to the conditions" to "shall be made ", and from " for the county " to end of section. Section ninety from "having jurisdiction " to end of section, and Section ninety-one from " the description of an offence " part of the informant, I (being sub-sections 2 and 3) >

1884. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. Ch. 43, 44. 99

[Short Title.]

Year and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 49. 1 and from " a conviction " at the beginning of sub-section (6) to " form and ".

The Weights and Measures Act, 1878. Section fifty-seven from " the description of an offence " to "sustain the sam§*' .(being sub-sections 1, 2, and 3? and Section sixty from "-‘ haying jurisdiction " to end'of section.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 74. - The Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878. Section sixty-four from " for the county "Jj*> end of section, and Section sixty-six from " a warrant of commitment " to "convicted " (being sub-section 3).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. - The Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878. Section thirty-seven from " subject to the conditions " to "shall be made ", and from for the county " to end of section.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. In section thirty-one, the words " by this Act or by any future Act". Section thirty-two, down to " in " accordance with the conditions and regulations " contained in this Act ".

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. - The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. Sub-sections five and six of section two hundred and twenty-seven.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Payment of Naval and Greenwich Hospital Pensions.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of the Act of the session of the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifteen, intituled " An Act for further regulating " the Payment of the Out-Pensioners of Greenwich and Chelsea " Hospitals, " one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State makes regulations for the management and payment of the Greenwich out-pensioners and pays the pensions of those pensioners, but in other respects those pensioners are subject to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty (in this Act referred to as the Admiralty):

And whereas the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, provided that 28 & 29 Vict, the said pensions should be called naval pensions:c. 89.

And whereas the Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1865, 28 & 29 Vict, made provisions with respect to the pensions of seamen and marines c- 73. subject to the enactment in section ten thereof that nothing in that Act should take away or abridge any power vested in one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State relative to naval pensions:

100

28 & 29 Vict. c. 111.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 124.

Ch. 44.

Naval Pensions, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict.

And whereas the Navy and Marines (Property of Deceased) Act, 1805, made provisions with respect to the payment of money which on the death of a person being or having bien an officer, seaman, or marine, is due to him from the Admiralty:

And whereas by the Admiralty (Powers, &c.) Act, 1865, provision is made for punishing persons who obtain pensions or money from the Admiralty by personation or other fraudulent means:

And whereas it is expedient that the payment of the said naval pensions should be wholly under the control of the Admiralty:

and for distinguishing the same as Greenwich Hospital pensions, gratuities, and allowances:

And whereas doubts may arise as to the application of the Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1865, and the Navy and Marines (Property of Deceased) Act, 1865, and the Admiralty (Powers, &c.) Act, 1865, to such pensions, gratuities, and allowances, and doubts, may also arise as to the effect of any Order in Council made in pursuance of the above-mentioned Acts so far as regards the restoration of a pension forfeited by conviction for crime, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Naval Pensions Act, 1884.

2. Any reference in the Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1865, the Navy and Marines (Property of Deceased) Act, 1865, or the Admiralty (Powers, &c.) Act, 1865, to a pension or a naval pension, or to money payable by the Admiralty, shall be construed to include a naval pension and a Greenwich Hospital pension, gratuity, and allowance, within the meaning of the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1883, and any sum due on account of such a pension, gratuity, or allowance.

3. A provision of any Order in Council made in pursuance of the Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1865, or of the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1883, respecting the restoration in whole or in part of any forfeited pension shall have effect notwithstanding

feited pensions, any Act or law relating to the forfeiture of a pension on conviction for crime.

Repeal of 4. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby

19 & 20 Vict. repealed as from the commencement of this Act to the extent in the c. 15. and s.io third column of that schedule mentioned, without prejudice to any-

/.fQSjrQQVict .11 /¥»!• . r *J J

thing previously done or suffered m pursuance thereof.

5. (1.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five

(2.) Any Order in Council, regulation, or appointment, for the purposes of this Act may be made before the commencement of this Act to take effect upon such commencement.

[Short title.]

Application to Greenwich Hospital pensions of 28 & 29 Vict. cc. 73, 111, 124.

Amendment of 28 & 29 Vict. cc. 73 and 89, as to restoration of for-

of 28 & 29 Vict c. 73.

[Commencement of Act.]

1884.

Naval Pensions Act, 1884. Ch. 44-46.

101

SCHEDULE.

Acts Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. c. 15 - 1 An Act for farther regulating the payment of the out-pensioners of [Greenwich and Chelsea i The whole Act so far as it relates to Greenwich out-pensioners.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 73 - 1 Hospitals. j The Naval and Marine Section ten.

1 Pay and Pensions Act, 1865. 1

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to amend the National School Teachers (Ireland)

Act, 1879, in so far as it relates to the Loans for Teachers’ Residences.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to afford greater facilities for providing residences for the teachers of National Schools in Ireland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the National School Teachers Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1884, and shall commence and come into operation on the day of the passing of the Act.

2. So much of the National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879, Extension of as limits in respect to vested schools the operation of the said Act make

to National Schools vested in the Commissioners of National Educa- residences, tion, or in trustees for National School purposes, which were so 42 & 48 Vict. vested and in operation as National Schools on the first da}’ of May c- 74-one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, shall be repealed, and henceforth, i.e., from the passing of this Act, all schools, whether non-vested or vested, and if vested irrespectively of the date of vesting, shall be entitled to the benefit of loans for teachers residences.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to amend the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[7th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

102 Ch. 46. Naval Enlistment, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Short title and 1. The Act of the session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign

construction. of King William the Fourth, chapter twenty-four, intituled " An Act for the encouragement of the voluntary enlistment of Seamen, and " to make regulations for more effectually manning His Majesty's " Navy, " is in this Act referred to and may be cited as the Naval Enlistment Act, 1835.

The Act of the session of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine, intituled "An " Act to make better provision concerning the entry and service " of Seamen, and otherwise to amend the laws concerning Her Majesty's Navy, " is in this Act referred to and may be cited as the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853.

This Act and the Naval Enlistment Act, 1835, and the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853, shall be construed together as one Act, and may be cited together as the Naval Enlistment Acts, 1835 to 1884, and this Act may be cited separately as the Naval Enlistment Act, 1884.

Amendment of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 69. as to period of service of boys and evidence.

2. Whereas by the Naval Enlistment Act, 1835, it is provided that a person shall not be detained in the naval service of His Majesty for more than five years unless he voluntarily entered the same for a longer term, and that, at the expiration of such term, he shall be discharged as therein provided:

And' whereas by the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853, it was enacted (by section one) that where, under the regulations or directions of the Admiralty, men were willing to enter or re-enter into the naval service of Her Majesty for ten years continuous and general service or for such other term of continuous and general service as under the said regulations or directions may be authorised, such men should be liable to serve accordingly, and (by section two) that every boy under the age of eighteen years entering the naval service of Her Majesty should be entered and liable to serve until he attains the age of twenty-eight years, and that a person who, when of the age of eighteen or upwards, entered into such naval service as a boy, should be entered for ten years continuous and general service from the time of his entering, and should be liable to serve accordingly:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the addition of two years to the service of boys hereafter entered into the naval service of Her Majesty, and otherwise to amend the said enactments: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

(1.) If the regulations which the Admiralty may from time to time make so direct —

(a.) men willing, to enter or re-enter into the naval service of Her Majesty may be entered or re-entered for continuous and general service for such period as may for the time being bo fixed by the said regulations; and (b.) every person entering into the naval service of Her Majesty as a boy may be entered for continuous and general service for such period not exceeding twelve years, or, if he enters when below the age of eighteen, not exceeding the time required for him to attain the age of thirty years, as may for the time being be fixed by the said regulations.

1884.

Ch. 46.

103

Naval Enlistment Act, 1884.

(2.) Men and boys entering in pursuance of this section shall be liable to serve in accordance with the terms of their entry; and the enactments of the Naval Enlistment Act, 1835, and the enactments amending the samo shall be applicable to every man and boy as if the term for which he is entered and liable to serve were throughout substituted for the term in the said enactments mentioned.

(3.) Any certificate which is by law evidence of the birth of a person, and any declaration under the Statutory Declarations Act, 5 & 6 will. 4. 1835, by the parent or guardian of a person entering into the c. 62. naval service of Her Majesty as a boy respecting the place of birth of such boy, and a declaration made by a man on entering into the naval service of Her Majesty, respecting his place of birth, shall, for the purposes of this Act and of the said enactments, be evidence until the contrary is proved of the place of birth of the person, boy, or man referred to in the certificate or declaration.

3. Section niuety-one of the Army Act, 1881 (which section Application of relates to the sending of lunatic soldiers by a Secretary of State »• 91 of

to workhouses and lunatic asylums and other places in which lunatics 44g* 4 can legally be confined), shall apply in like manner as if it were tic seamen, herein re-enacted, with the substitution of " a person in the naval service of Her Majesty " for " soldier " and " soldier of the regular forces" respectively, and of "the Admiralty" for "a Secretary of State, " and as if any declaration made on a person entering into the naval service of Her Majesty as a boy by his parent or guardian, or made by a man on entering into such service, were respectively substituted for the attestation paper.

4. Whereas under sections sixteen and twenty-one of the Act Extension

of the session of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign vict

of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-three, intituled " An Act c. 73.

" for the establishment of a body of naval coast volunteers, and for " the temporary transfer to the navy in case of need of seafaring " men employed in other public services, " the Admiralty have power, whenever an emergency arises, to require the service in Her Majestynavy of persons who may have served as petty officers or seamen in Her Majesty's navy, and may be in receipt of pensions in respect of such service, and pensioners failing so to join are liable to be punished as therein mentioned; and whereas it is expedient to extend the said enactments to persons enlisted or re-engaged after the passing of this Act who have served in the royal marine forces, and who are not members of the army reserve force: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

Sections sixteen and twenty-one of the above-recited Act shall apply to persons enlisted or re-engaged after the passing of this Act, who have served as non-commissioned officers and men of the royal marine forces, and are in receipt of pensions in respect of such service, in like manner as if those sections were herein re-enacted, with the substitution of such non-commissioned officers and men for petty officers or seamen of Her Majesty's navy, subject to the following qualifications: that men enlisted in the army reserve force shall not be subject to be required to serve in pursuance of the said sections, and the non-commissioned officers and men who are required to serve shall be subject to serve and be entitled to pay as

10 *

Eepeal of Acts, and savings.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 74.

[Short title.]

Transfer of powers from one local authority to another.

Ch. 46, 47. Naval Enlistment Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Tier *

other non-commissioned officers and men in the royal marine forces, and not as petty officers and seamen.

5. — (1.) The Act mentioned in the schedule to this Act is hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

(3.) Men and boys who entered or re-entered into the naval service of Her Majesty in pursuance of any enactment repealed by this Act shall continue liable to serve in like manner as if the said enactment had not been repealed, and until regulations are made by the Admiralty in pursuance of this Act the regulations in force at the commencement of this Act with respect to enlistment shall continue in force, and the enactments repealed by this Act shall, for the purposes of this Act, have effect as if they were regulations of the Admiralty.

SCHEDULE.

Act Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 69. - An Act to make better provision concerning the entry and service of seamen, and otherwise to amend the laws concerning Her Majesty's navy. Sections one and two.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to enable Local Authorities to transfer the whole or certain parts of their Districts for the purposes of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, to the Districts of neighbouring Local Authorities.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the more effectual and convenient administration of the provisions of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, to enable local authorities to transfer the whole or certain parts of their districts for the purposes of that Act to the districts of neighbouring local authorities:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, This Act may be cited as the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Transfer of Parts of Districts Act, 1884, and shall be construed as one with the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878.

2. Wherever the whole or any part of the district within which any local authority exercises jurisdiction under the provisions of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, or any Order of Council from time to time in force by virtue thereof, is wholly surrounded by or has a common boundary with the district within

1884. Contagious Diseases (Animals) Transfer of Parts of Ch. 47. 105

Districts Act, 1884.

which any other local authority exercises the like jurisdiction, those two local authorities may by agreement in writing between themselves make and from time to time vary and rescind provisions for the exercise by one of them (in this Act referred to as the administering authority) of jurisdiction under the said Act or any such Order within the whole or any part or parts of the district of the other (in this Act referred to as the surrendering authority) and for ascertaining the proportion of the expenses of the administering authority to be paid by the surrendering authority, such proportion to be fixed with reference to the rateable value of the part of the district of the surrendering authority surrendered to the administering authority as compared with the rateable value of the original area of the district of the administering authority.

The district or part of a district subjected, in pursuance of an agreement under this section, to the jurisdiction of the administering authority, shall, for the purpose of the exercise of such jurisdiction, be deemed to be part of the district of the administering authority, and be dealt with accordingly.

Any expenses payable by a surrendering authority to an administering authority under this section shall be paid out of the rate or fund out of which such expenses would have been paid had they been incurred by the surrendering authority itself.

Provided that where the surrendering authority is a borough and the administering authority is a county to the rate of which such borough is assessed, the first provision of section forty-seven of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, requiring repayment by the local authority of the county to the local authority of the borough therein mentioned shall not apply.

3. A local authority may from time to time by agreement concur Formation of with any other local authority or authorities in appointing out of united district-their respective bodies a joint committee consisting of such number of members with such tenure of office as they may determine, and in assigning to such joint committee a district consisting of the whole or such parts of the districts of the constituent authorities as such authorities may determine, and in delegating to such joint committee within their district the whole or any part of the jurisdiction of a local authority under the Contagious Diseases (Animals)

Act, 1878, or any Order of Council from time to time enforced by virtue thereof, and any such committee shall, in respect of any jurisdiction so assigned to them, exercise the same powers and be subject to the same obligations, and the said Act and any Order made in pursuance thereof shall, in respect of the district so assigned, take effect as if such district were the district of a local authority and the joint committee were a local authority within the meaning of the said Act.

All expenses incurred by such joint committee shall be apportioned among the component areas belonging to the different constituent authorities in proportion to the rateable values of such areas, as compared with each other, and shall be paid out of the rates or funds out of which such expenses would have been paid had they been incurred by the constituent authorities themselves.

i

106

Execution of agreement.

Definition of "jurisdiction."

Application of Act to Scotland.

Application of Act to Ireland.

[Short title.]

Power to Inspectors of Irish Fisheries to make order for oyster fishery.

Publication of notices.

Ch. 47, 48. Contagious Diseases (ATransfer 47 & 48 Vict.

of Parts of Districts, 1884.

4. Any agreement made by a local authority under this Act shall be binding so far as respects such authority if executed by the chairman for the time being of the local authority and two other members of such authority, or, where such authority is a corporation, if executed under the corporate seal

No such agreement shall be valid unless it has been approved by the Privy Council.

5. The expression "jurisdiction " shall not include the power of making or levying a rate, but shall include all other powers, duties, and obligations exerciseable by or imposed on a local authority or its officers under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, or any Order of Council from time to time enforced by virtue of such Act.

6. In the application of this Act to Scotland, " rateable value" means value according to the valuation roll

7. In the application of this Act to Ireland, the expression "Privy Council" means the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to promote the Cultivation of Oysters in Ireland.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS under the provisions of the Act 32 & 33 Victoria, chapter ninety-two, and the Acts incorporated therewith, the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries are empowered to grant licenses to certain, persons to form or plant oyster beds or layings, whether above or below low-water mark, and it is expedient, with the view of further promoting the cultivation of oysters in certain places, to extend these powers: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be quoted as the Oyster Cultivation (Ireland) Act, 1884.

2. The Inspectors of Irish Fisheries may make orders for the establishment or improvement, and for the maintenance and regulation, of an oyster fishery on the shore and bed of the sea, or of an estuary or tidal river above or below or partly above and partly below low-water mark (which shore and bed are in this Act referred to as the seashore), and including, if desirable, provisions for the constitution of a board or body corporate for the purpose ot such order, on an application by memorial presented to the said Inspectors by any person or persons desirous of obtaining such an order.

3. If on consideration of the memorial the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries think fit to proceed with the case they shall cause notices to that effect to be published and circulated in the district to be affected by said order, and shall give notice of the application in such manner as they shall think sufficient and proper for information to all parties interested, and to the owners or reputed

1884.

Ch. 48;

107

Oyster Cultivation (Ireland) Act, 1884.

owners, lessees or reputed lessees, and occupiers or reputed occupiers, so far as they may be known or ascertained, of the portion of the seashore to which the proposed order relates, or of the lands adjoining thereto.

4. During one month after the publication of said notices the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries shall receive any objections or representations made to them in writing respecting the proposed order.

5. After the expiration of one month the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, or any one of them, shall proceed to make an inquiry concerning the subject matter of the proposed order, and for that purpose to hold a sitting or sittings in some convenient place in the neighbourhood of the portion of the seashore to which the proposed order relates, and thereat to take and receive any evidence and information offered, and hear and inquire into any objections or representations made respecting the proposed order, with power from time to time to adjourn any sitting; and the Inspectors may, for the purpose of such inquiry, take evidence, and by summons require the attendance of any person, and examine him and any person who attends before him, on oath or otherwise, as they think expedient, and may administer an oath or take any affidavit or declaration for the purpose of the inquiry; and any person so summoned who, after tender to him of his reasonable expenses, refuses or neglects to obey such summons, and any person who refuses or neglects to answer any question which the Inspectors are authorised to ask, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds for each offence; and any person who wilfully gives false evidence in any examination on oath in any such inquiry, or in an affidavit or declaration to be used in any such inquiry, shall be deemed guilty of perjury.

Notice shall be published in such manner as the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries direct of every such sitting (except an adjourned sitting) fourteen days at least before the holding thereof.

0. As soon as conveniently may be after such inquiry, they shall proceed to consider the objections or representations that have been made respecting the proposed order, and thereupon they shall either refuse the application or settle and make an order in such form, and containing such provisions as they think expedient.

7. Where the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries make an order, they shall cause it to be published and circulated in such manner as they shall think sufficient for giving information to all parties interested, and shall give notice of it in such manner as they approve to the owners or reputed owners, lessees or reputed lessees, and occupiers or reputed occupiers (if any), so far as they may be known or ascertained of the portion of the seashore to which the order relates or of the lands adjoining thereto.

8. An order of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries shall not of itself have any operation until confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

9. Any person feeling aggrieved with an order of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries may, within one month after the making of same, appeal to the Lord Lieutenant in Council against same.

Objections and representations respecting* order.

Inquiry into proposed order by public sittings.

Settlement and making of order.

Publication of order.

Order to be approved bj Lord Lieutenant.

Appeal against order.

108

Amendment of order.

Effect of order.

Grantees may appoint bailiffs, and make regulations.

Penalty for trespass or breach of regulations.

Inspectors of Irish Fisheries may make order as to dredging, &c. during part of close season.

Ch. 48. Oyster Cultivation (I) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

10. The Inspectors of Irish Fisheries may from time to time make an order for amending an order that has been confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant, and all the provisions relative to an original order shall apply also to an amending order mutatis mutandis.

11. When an order of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries has been confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant, the grantee or grantees shall by virtue of such order have within the limits of the oyster fishery named therein the exclusive right of depositing, propagating, dredging, and fishing for and taking oysters, and in the exercise of that right may, within the limits of the fishery, make and maintain oyster beds, and at any season collect oysters and remove the same from place to place, and deposit the same as and where they think fit, and do all other things which they think proper for obtaining, storing, and disposing of the produce of their fishery, or for the regulation of such fishery.

12. For the purpose of protecting an oyster fishery granted under such order, the grantee or grantees, under the hands of any two of them, where more than two, and subject to the approval of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, may appoint, at the cost and expense of the grantees, any bailiffs they may consider necessary for the protection of such fishery, and may make such regulations for the management of such fishery, subject to said approval, as they may consider necessary, and any bailiff so appointed may enforce such regulations, and shall have all the powers conferred on water bailiffs by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force relating to Irish Fisheries.

13. Any person who wilfully trespasses on such fishery, or on any oyster bed or oyster layings for which a license has been heretofore granted under the provisions of any Act of Parliament in force in Ireland, or who, not being a grantee named in such order, or not having the written permission of the grantee or grantees, or, where more than two, of at least two thirds of the grantees, shall dredge, fish for, or take any oysters, or who, being a grantee or duly authorised as aforesaid, shall dredge, fish for, or take any oysters in contravention of any regulations made as aforesaid, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to pay a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, and to forfeit all oysters taken, or a sum equal to the value thereof if they have been sold, or have not been delivered up to the bailiff so appointed, which forfeiture may be enforced in the same manner as a penalty; and the court may direct such penalties and forfeitures to be paid or delivered to the grantees to be applied by them for the improvement and cultivation of the fishery.

14. The Inspectors of Irish Fisheries may, upon the application of any person possessed of or interested in any oyster fishery, make an order permitting the dredging for, taking, or having in possession any American, Portuguese, or other foreign oysters during such part only of the close season for oysters in Ireland, as now fixed or may hereafter be fixed, as the said inspectors shall, upon inquiry, think fit to appoint and determine for such purpose for or' in any district or place: Provided always, that before making any such order the inspectors shall take the same steps as are provided by the Act of Parliament of the seventh and eighth Victoria, -chapter

1884.

109

Oyster Cultivation (Ireland), 1884. Ch. 48.

one hundred and eight, in case of altering the close season in any district or locality, and of publishing any such order, as are directed by such Act or any other Aet of Parliament in force in Ireland.

15. Whenever it is necessary in any legal proceeding to prove the existence of an order under this Act, a certificate, endorsed on a copy purporting to be a copy of said order, purporting to be under the hand of one of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, that same is a true copy of said order, and that same has been confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant, shall be taken and received as evidence in all courts of the existence of such order.

16. Whenever it shall appear to the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries that the grantee or grantees in any order made under this Act are not maintaining the oyster fishery granted thereunder, it shall be lawful for the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, if they shall so think fit, to determine by a certificate under their hands such order, and thereupon all rights and privileges thereunder shall be absolutely determined, and shall be null and void; and for the purpose of this provision the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries may from time to time make such inquiries and examination, and require from the grantees such information as they think necessary or proper, and the grantees shall afford all facilities for such inquiries and examination, and give such information accordingly.

17. No order made under this Act shall take away or abridge any right of several fishery, or any right on, to, or over any portion of the seashore, which right is enjoyed by any person under any local or special Act of Parliament, or any royal charter, letters patent, prescription, or immemorial usage, without the consent of such person.

18. The person or persons obtaining an order under this Act shall at all times keep at some convenient place in the neighbourhood of the portion of the seashore to which the order relates, copies of the order, and shall sell such copies to all persons desiring to buy them at a price not exceeding one shilling for each copy.

19. This Act shall apply to mussels, and to mussel beds and mussel fisheries, in the same way as it applies to oysters, and to oyster beds and oyster fisheries.

20. Where any portion of the seashore proposed to be comprised in an order of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries under this Act belongs to Her Majesty, Her heirs or successors, in right of the Crown, the Inspectors shall not make the order without the consent of the Board of Trade, or, if such portion of the seashore is not under the management of the Board of Trade, then without the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or one of them.

2L This Act shall extend only to Ireland.

Proof of order.

Orders determinable.

Order not to abridge right of several fishery, &c.

Copies of orders to be kept for sale.

Extension of Act to mussels.

Saving for rights of the Crown.

Extend tq Ireland only.

no

Ch. 49.

Public Works Loans Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

[Short title.]

Grant of 3,000,000l. for Public Works Loans.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 89.

42 & 43 Vict c. 77.

Grant of 1, 200,000l. for loans by Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 27.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 77.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public "Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and of loans and purchases by the Irish Land Commission.

[7th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1884.

PART I.

Grant of Money for Public Works Lean Commissioners.

2. (1.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, —

(a.) Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of three million pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, as amended by the Public Works Loans Act, 1879; and (b.) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may advance any part or parts of the total sum above in this section mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund; and such sums may be issued and advanced during the period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purpose of the said loans comes into operation.

(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

PART II.

Grant of Money for Public Works, Ireland.

3. (1.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland —

(a.) Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole one million two hundred thousand pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by Part Two of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, as amended by the Public Works Loans Act, 1879; and

(b.) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may advance any part or parts of the total sum above in this section mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund; and such sums may be issued and advanced during the period ending on the day on which a further Act authorising the issue of money for those loans comes into operation.

1884. Public Works Loans Act, 1884. Ch. 49, 50. Ill

(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by Part Two of the Public Works Loans (Ireland)

Act, 1877, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

PART III.

Grant of Money for Irish Land Commission.

4. (1.) For the purpose of advances or of purchases of estates by Grant of the Irish Land Commission under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, soo.oooo to 1881, and under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) mi"ion>om' Act, 1883, any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of 44 & 45 Vict. five hundred thousand pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated o. 49.

Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in 464* 47 Vict* manner provided by the said Acts, and such sums may be issued during the period ending on the day on which a further Act providing money for the purpose of such advances or purchases comes into operation.

(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by the said Acts, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be Issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875, (in this Act referred to 'as "the Act of 1875, ") the Taising of money by the Metropolitan Board of Works (in this Act referred to as " the Board ") for the purposes therein specified was regulated, and provision was made requiring that the borrowing powers granted to the Board by Parliament for the purposes therein named, should for the future be limited both in time and amount: And whereas by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883, (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1883, ") the Board were empowered to raise certain sums of money for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, and limits of time and amount within which the powers by the said Act granted might be exercised were fixed: And whereas the powers for the raising of money by the Act of 1383 conferred upon the Board have been partially exercised, but it is expedient that the Board should have power to raise certain further sums of money specified in the First Schedule to this Act annexed for the purposes, upon the terms, and subject to the limitations herein-after mentioned, and that the Act of 1883 should be amended:

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should be empowered to apply for the purpose of certain Loans by the Board under this Act, any moneys for the time being forming part of the Consolidated Loans Fund, and not required for the payments of the dividends on Consolidated Stock:

112

[Short title.]

Construction of Act.

Interpretation.

Amendment of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 27. s. 11.

Amendment of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 27. s. 12.

Power to expend moneys for purposes of

Ch. 50. Metropolitan Board of Works(Money)Ac£, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should be empowered to raise any of the moneys which they are by this Act authorised to raise, and which it may be convenient to raise for a temporary period by the issue of bills, with the consent of the Treasury, for not less than three and not more than twelve months to be repaid out of moneys raised by the creation of Consolidated Stock under this Act:

And whereas the payments by the Board, up to the 31st December 1883, for the purposes of the Fire Brigade Act, 1865, exceeded by the sum of seven thousand two hundred and twenty-two pounds nineteen shillings and eight pence, the amount of the moneys authorised to be raised by means of the Consolidated Rate, under the authority and subject to the limitations of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, and of the moneys received by the Board towards their expenses for the said purposes and the said sum was advanced by the Board out of other moneys in hand and it is expedient that such payments be sanctioned and confirmed and that the Board should be authorised to transfer to the Fire Brigade Account a sum of seven thousand two hundred and twenty-two pounds nineteen shillings and eight pence from the balance in their hands of rate raised for general purposes:

And whereas it is expedient to amend the Acts regulating the sale of superfluous lands by the Board, and to make such provisions with respect to the sale of such lands by the Board as are in this Act contained:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern* poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1883, and this Act, may be cited together as the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1884.

2. This Act shall be read and have effect as one with the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to 1871, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1883.

3. The expression Parks and Open Spaces Acts " in this Act shall mean the enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed.

The expression "Main Drainage Acts " in this Act shall have the same meaning as is assigned to the same term in the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869.

4. Section eleven of the Act of 1883 shall be read and construed as if the sums which the Board was thereby authorised to lend to Boards of Guardians had been limited to a sum not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds instead of two hundred thousand pounds.

5. Section twelve of the Act of 1883 shall be read and construed as if the sums which the Board was thereby authorised to lend to the managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District had been thereby limited to sums not exceeding in the whole one hundred and fifty thousand pounds instead of fifty thousand pounds.

6. The Board may from time to time, up to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five expend

1884. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884. Ch. 50. 113

for the purposes herein-after mentioned, such moneys as they may Metropolitan think fit, not exceeding the amounts limited in relation to such Board of purposes respectively. (S2£»> Act,

For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Bridges) 1884, the . Act, 1884, if it becomes law, thirty-one thousand pounds; Metropolitan

For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various works°(Va-Powers) Act, 1884, if it becomes law, sixty-five thousand pounds; rions) Powers For the purposes of the Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 188f>the Act, 1884, one thousand pounds; and Commas Sup-

For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (District plemental Act, Railway Ventilators) Act, 1883, and the Metropolitan Board of |88 an4the Works (District Railway Ventilators) Act, 1884, if it becomes law, Boaidof1 fifteen thousand pounds: Works (Dfe-

Provided always, that the money to be raised and the consolidated ^lct.^1^jr stock to be created by the Board for the purposes mentioned in this Acts, 11*883 and section shall be raised and created by them from time to time in 1884. such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require and as the Treasury shall approve for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of the said Acts respectively in a proper and efficient manner.

7. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the Power to exthirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five expend for the purposes herein-after mentioned, such moneys as poses dtmng they may think fit, not exceeding the amounts limited in relation year 1885. to such purposes respectively:

(a.) For the purposes of providing station-houses, fire-engines,

fire-escapes, and permanent plant for the purposes of the Fire 28 & 29 Vict. Brigade Act, 1865, thirty-five thousand pounds; c. 90.

(6.) For the purposes of the Parks and Open Spaces Acts, fifteen thousand pounds;

(c.) For the purposes of the Metropolis Toll Bridges Act, 1877, *o 41 Vict, including the cost of certain special works for the maintenance c*xcuc* and repair of certain of the bridges acquired by the Board under the said Act, and the commutation of pensions, twenty thousand pounds;

(d.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Bridges Act, 1881, one 44 45 .Vict,

hundred and seventy-two thousand pounds, provided that the c> cxcu* moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section shall not, together with all moneys previously expended by the Board for the said purposes, exceed seven hundred and sixty thousand pounds;

(e.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Bridges,

&c.) Act, 1883, ninety thousand pounds, provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section shall not, together with all moneys previously expended by the Board for the said purposes, exceed one hundred and thirty-four thousand pounds;

(/.) For the purposes of the Thames River (Prevention of Floods) 42 & 43 Vict. Act, 1879, five thousand pounds, or such further sum as the c- cxcviii. Treasury may approve;

(g.) For the purposes of schemes made by the Board under the authority of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improve- 38 & 89 Vict, ment Act, 1875, or the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings c. 36.

[tub LAW REPORTS.} U

114

Ch. 50. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, \884. 47 & 48 Vict.

40 & 41 Vict.

C. CCJXXT.

46 & 47 Vict. c. clxxviii.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102.

Special power to expend, money for purposes of main drainage and main sewers.

Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, and confirmed by Provisional Order and Act of Parliament, seventy thousand pounds, or such further sum as the Treasury may approve;

(h.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1877, four hundred and ten thousand pounds, or such further sum as the Treasury may approve, provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section, together with all moneys previously expended by the Board for the said purposes, may exceed the amount of three millions seven hundred and twelve thousand five hundred and seven pounds, limited by the Act of 1883, but shall not exceed four million one hundred and ninety-three thousand five hundred and seven pounds;

(i.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1883, l two hundred thousand pounds provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section shall not together with all money previously expended by the Board for the said purposes exceed seven hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hundred pounds;

(k.) For the purposes mentioned in section one hundred and forty-four of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and section seventy-two of the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and for the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1882, one hundred thousand pounds: Provided always, that the moneys, to be expended and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board for the purposes mentioned in this section respectively shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require and as the Treasury shall approve for the said purposes respectively.

8. The Board may from time to time up to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, expend, for the purpose of adding to, extending, enlarging, improving, and completing the works authorised by the Main Drainage Acts, and for rendering the same efficient in such manner as to them may seem proper, and for extending, enlarging, and improving the main sewers transferred to and vested in the Board under and by virtue of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and for making such other sewers and works, and such alterations and diversions of such existing main sewers, as may to them seem proper for the purpose of relieving, supplementing, and rendering such main sewers efficient, and for carrying into effect the several provisions in relation thereto mentioned in the said Acts, such moneys as they may think fit* not exceeding two hundred and ninety thousand pounds, in addition to any moneys which they are authorised to expend under any Acts passed previously to the passing of this Act; and all the provisions of the Main Drainage Acts and the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts altering or amending the same, for the time being in force relating to the execution of works authorised by the said Acts respectively shall continue in force, and shall extend and apply respectively to the works executed by means of money raised for the purposes of this section; and all stock created under the

115

1884. Metropolitan Board of Woi'ks (Money), 1884. Ch. 50.

authority of this Act for such purposes shall be deemed to be created for the purposes of the above-mentioned Acts respectively,

9. Where a vestry or district board constituted under the Me- Power to lend tropolis Management Act, 1855, desire, in pursuance of authority SeScfSoMd* vested in them by Act of Parliament, to borrow money for the corporations, ’purpose of any work, or for the purpose of paying off any loan or burial boards, debt, or for any other purpose, and it appears to the Board and to c* the Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five the Board may lend to the vestry or district Jboard, and the vestiy or district board may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board think fit, and as the vestry or district board are authorised and desire to borrow, not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds; and

Where any corporation, body of commissioners, burial board, or other public body (not being a vestry or district board constituted under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, a board of guardians, the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District, or the School Board for London), having power to levy directfy or indirectly rates in respect of lands in the metropolis, as defined in the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, or to make charges on rates leviable in the metropolis as so defined, or to take within the metropolis as so defined dues or impositions in the nature of rates, desire, in pursuance of authority vested in them by Act of Parliament, to borrow money for the purpose of any work, or for the purpose of paying off any loan or debt, or for any other purpose, and it appears to the Board and to the Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five the Board may lend to the corporation, commissioners, burial board, or other public body, and they may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board think fit, and as the corporation, commissioners, burial board, or other public body are authorised and desire to borrow, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds.

Money lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be repaid to them, with interest, within such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers with the approval of the Treasury agree: Provided that the time after the borrowing within which such moneys shall be repaid to the Board shall not exceed in the case of a loan for purposes of improvements effected by the widening of streets or bridges, or for the purpose of . purchase of land in fee simple, sixty years, and for any other purpose thirty years. Provided further that nothing in section twelve of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1879; in section eleven of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1880; in section fifteen of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1881; in section thirteen of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act,

1882; in section ten of the Act of 1883, or in this section, shall be deemed to have prevented or to prevent the Board from agreeing that any such loan as is in the said sections respectively mentioned, and which has been or may be made by the Board to any vestry

lie

Power to lend to boards of guardians.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Extension of amount of loans to the Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 6.

Power to lend to School Board for London.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

36 & 87 Vict c. 86.

Power to raise

consolidated

stock.

Ch. 50. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Ac£, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

or district board, shall be repaid by such instalments or otherwise, and at such time or times (not exceeding the times by the said sections respectively prescribed) as the Board may think fit and the Treasury may approve.

10. Where a board of guardians of a union or parish wholly or for the greater part in the metropolis as defined in the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, desire, in pursuance of authority vested in them, to borrow money for the purpose of any work, or for the purpose of paying off any loan or debt, or for any other purpose, and it appears to the Board and to the Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five the Board may lend to the board of guardians, and the board of guardians may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board think fit, and as the board of guardians are authorised and desire to borrow, not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds.

Money lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be repaid to them, with interest, within such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers with the approval of the Treasury agree, not exceeding thirty years.

1L The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five lend to the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District, in addition to the sums heretofore authorised to be lent by the Board to the said Managers, such sums as the said Managers are from time to time authorised by the Local Government Board to borrow in pursuance of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, and any Acts altering or amending the same for the time being in force, not exceeding in the whole one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, as though the said sums were included in the amount authorised to be lent for such purposes by section thirty-seven of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, and the Acts amending the same.

12. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five lend to the School Board for London, in accordance with the provisions of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, and any Act or Acts altering or amending the same for the time being in force, such sums as the said School Board are from time to time authorised to borrow by the Education Department in pursuance of the said Acts, not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven hundred thousand pounds.

The moneys so lent by the Board shall be repaid to them by the said School Board, with interest, within such period not exceeding fifty years as may be agreed upon between the Board and the said School Board with the sanction of the Education Department, subject to the approval of the Treasury.

13. In order to raise money for the several purposes for which the Board are by this Act authorised to expend or lend money, the Board may from time to time create consolidated stock. Provided always, that —

117

1884. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884. Ch. 50.

Where the Board under the authority of this Act create consolidated stock to raise money for the purpose of the Fire Brigade Act,

1865, or to enable them to make a loan repayable within thirty years from the date of such loan, the Board shall from time to time carry to the consolidated loans fund such sums as the Treasury approve as being in their opinion sufficient to redeem within the period of thirty years from the date of the creation of such stock, or in the case of any such loan within any lesser period for which the same may he made, an amount of consolidated stock equal to that so created; and

Where the Board' are by this Act authorised to make a loan, the Board, instead of raising money for any such loan by the creation of consolidated stock, may use for any such loan any moneys for the time being forming part of the consolidated loans fund, and not required for the payments of the dividends on consolidated stock.

Provided that no such moneys shall be used for any such loan which shall be repayable at any date later than the date at which such moneys will be required by the Board to pay off consolidated stock; and

Where the Board raise consolidated stock for the purpose of any scheme made by the Board under the authority of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, or the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to J 882, and confirmed by Provisional Order and Act of Parliament, there shall be repaid (as provided by the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875,) to the consolidated rate out of the local rate as defined by the said last-mentioned Act, all moneys required for payment of dividends on and the redemption of all consolidated stock created for such purpose.

14. The payment by order of the Board for the purposes of the Ratification of Fire Brigade Act, 1865, up to the thirty-first December one thousand Board’s exeight hundred and eighty-three, of sums amounting in the whole to f^e brigade0* the sum of seven thousand two hundred and twenty-two pounds purposes, nineteen shillings and eightpence, in excess of the amount of the

moneys authorised to be raised and raised by means of the consolidated rate under the authority and subject to the limitations of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, and of the moneys received by the Board towards their expenses for the said purposes is hereby sanctioned and confirmed; and the Board is authorised to transfer to the Fire Brigade account a sum of seven thousand two hundred and twenty-two pounds nineteen shillings and eightpence from the balance in their hands of rate raised for general purposes.

15. Notwithstanding anything in this Act or in any other Act Board may relating to the Board contained, the Board, with the consent of the wj*e money by Treasury, may from time to time as they think fit raise any part of the moneys which they are by this Act authorised to raise, not exceeding in the whole the sura of five hundred thousand pounds, by the issue of bills under this Act.

16. A bill under this Act (in this Act referred to as a " metropolitan bill ") shall be a bill in form prescribed by a regulation made in pursuance of this Act for the payment of the principal sum named therein, in the manner and at the date therein mentioned, so

Form and length of currency and interest on metropolitan bills.

118

Payment and applications of proceeds of metropolitan bills and charge of bills on consolidated rate.

Sections 18 & 19 and 21 & 22 of the Act of 18S3 to apply to metropolitan bills under this Act.

Power to create consolidated stock partially suspended while metropolitan bills authorised to be raised.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 102. s. 38. not to extend to money raised under this Act Repayments to b£ carried to consolidated loans fund. Limit to exercise of borrowing powers.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 65.

Ch. 50. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

that the date be not less than three nor more than twelve months from the date of the bill.

Interest shall be payable in respect of a metropolitan bill at such rate and in such manner as the Board with the consent of the Treasury may direct.

17. All moneys raised by the issue of any metropolitan bills shall be paid to the Board, and shall be expended by them for the purposes for which the same are by this Act authorised to be raised respectively. The principal money and interest expressed in any metropolitan bill to be payable shall be charged on the consolidated rate, and shall be payable out of the said rate, or as regards principal out of moneys raised by the creation of consolidated stock under this Act for the purpose for which such principal money has been expended, and as regards interest out of the consolidated loans fund.

18. The provisions contained in sections eighteen and nineteen and sections twenty-one and twenty-two of the Act of 1883, with respect to metropolitan bills as defined by that Act, shall extend and apply with respect to metropolitan bills as defined by this Act, and for the purpose of such application the expressions "Metropolitan Bill " and " this Act " in the said sections, shall be construed to mean respectively metropolitan bill as defined by this Act and this Act.

19. For the purpose of paying off the principal money payable in respect of metropolitan bills the Board may raise any sum which they are by this Act empowered to raise by the creation of consolidated stock for the purposes for which such principal money has been expended not exceeding the amount of such principal money, but save as aforesaid the powers given to the Board by this Act to raise moneys for any purposes by the creation of consolidated stock shall be suspended to the amounts and for the periods to and for which moneys are for the time being authorised by the Treasury to be raised for such purposes respectively by the issue of metropolitan bills.

20. The limitation on the borrowing power of the Board contained in section thirty-eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, shall not extend to moneys raised by the Board for purposes mentioned in this Act.

21. All sums received by the Board in respect of interest on or principal of any loan made by them under this Act shall be carried to the consolidated loans fund.

22. During the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five the Board shall not (except for such temporary period, not exceeding six months, as the Treasury may from time to time sanction) raise otherwise than in conformity with and to the extent mentioned in this Act any money under any powers of borrowing conferred upon the Board either by this Act or any other Act whatsoever: Provided always, that the limitations contained in this section shall not extend to limit or control the raising of moneys under the authority of section thirty-four of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, or of section eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875, for the purposes in the said sections respectively mentioned.

119

1884. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884. Ch. 50.

23. Notwithstanding anything in any Act of Parliament con- As to sale of tained the prescribed period within which the Board shall absolutely Jsu]J^fluou sell and dispose of any lands acquired by the Board for the pur- an’poses of any street improvement or widening, or for the purposes of any approach to any bridge, and not required for such purposes under any Act of Parliament passed before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, shall be the sixth day of October one thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine, and as to any Act of Parliament passed in or subsequently to the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one shall be the first day of February one thousand nine hundred and forty-one, being the respective dates at which the consolidated stocks raised to defray the expenses of the Board in carrying into effect the said purposes, are respectively by law required to be redeemed. Provided always, that the Board may sell and dispose of any such superfluous lands at any time within the respective periods herein-before prescribed.

All moneys received by the Board from the sale or disposition of such superfluous lands shall (except where otherwise specially provided by any Act) be carried by the Board to the Consolidated Loans Fund.

SCHEDULES.

FIBST SCHEDULE.

New Money Powers conferred in this Act.

Section of Act. Purpose. Amount

Supplemental up to 31st December 1884. £ «. d.

4 Loans to Guardians (amount already sanctioned, 200,000l.) - 100,000 0 0

5 Loans to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District (amount

already sanctioned, 50,000t.) - 100,000 0 0

Up to 31st December 1885.

Metropolitan Board of Works (Bridges) Act, 1884 31,000 0 0

Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1884 65,000 0 0

6 < Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1884 1,000 0 0

Metropolitan Board of Works (District Railway Ventilators)

Acts, 1883 and 1884 ---- 15,000 0 0

1st January to 31st December 1885.

7 (a) Fire Brigade ---- 35,000 0 0

(6) Parks, commons, and open spaces - 15,000 0 0

(o) Bridges, including Commutation of Pensions (Act, 1877) 20,000 0 0

(d) Bridges (Act, 1881) - - - 172,000 0 0

<«) Bridges (Act, 1883) including freeing of East and West Ferry

Roads ---- 90,000 0 0

</) Thames River Prevention of Floods - 5,000 0 0

Artizans’ Dwellings ---- 70,000 0 0

(h) Streets under Act of 1877 - 410,000 0 0

Streets under Act of 1883, including freeing footbridges over

canal ---- 200,000 0 0

w Improvements under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855,

the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and the

Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1882 - 100,000 0 0

120

Ch. 50. Metropolitan Board of Works 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

8

9

10

11

12

8

9

10

11

Main Drainage -

Loans to vestries and district boards -Loans to other public bodies Loans to Guardians -Loans to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum D Loans to School Board for London Amounts included above which are re-grants of borrowing power previously granted:

(a) Fire Brigade -

(b) Parks, commons, and open spaces

(c) Bridges Act, 1877 -

(d) Bridges Act, 1881 -

(e) Bridges Act, 1883 -

(f) Thames Biver, Prevention of Floods

ig) Artisans’ Dwellings - .

Qi) Streets Act, 1877 -

(0 Streets Act, 1883 -

(k) Improvements under Metropolis Management Act, 1855, Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1882 Main Drainage -

Loans to vestries and district boards Loans to other public bodies Loans to Guardians ... Loans to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District ...

New borrowing powers —

For Board £ 590, 970 0 0 For Loans 1, 496, 900 0 0

£ s. d.

290,000 0 0

200,000 0 0

100,000 o. 0

200,000 0 0

3trict - 150,000 0 0

700,000 0 0

£ 8. d.

25, 689 0 0

10, 284 0 0

20,000 0 0

136, 466 0 0

90,000 0 0

5,000 0 0

11, 675 0 0

286, 298 0 0

200,000 0 0

73, 020 0 0

69, 598 0 0

10, 500 0 0

26, 500 0 0

1, 600 0 0

14, 500 0 0

981, 130 0 0

2, 087, 870 0 0

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Parks and Open Spaces Acts.

The Finsbury Park Act, 1857, 20 & 21 Vict. c. cl.

, Southwark Park Act, 1864, 27 Vict. c. iv.

, Gardens in Towns Protection Act, 1863, 26 Vict. c. 13.

, Leicester Square Act, 1874, 37 Vict. c. x.

, Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1877, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 35.

, Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 122.

, , , , Amendment Act. 1869, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 107.

, , , , 1878, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 71.

, , , Supplemental Act, 1871 (Blackheath), 34 & 35 Vict. c. lvii.

, tt tt itn 1871 (Shepherd’s Bush), 34 & 35 Vict.

c. lxiii.

, it tt n tt 1872 (Hackney Commons), 35 & 36 Vict.

c. xliii.

, >, , , , 1873 (Tooting Beck Common), 36 & 37

Vict. c. lxxxvi.

, Metropolitan Board of Works Act, 1874 (Finsbury Park), 37 & 38 Vict. c. xcvii.

' , Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1875 (Tooting, Graveney Common, and Finsbury Park), 38 & 39 Vict c. clxxix. s. 14.

Hampstead Heath Act, 1871, 34 & 35 Vict. c. lxxvii.

, Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1877 (Clapham Common and Bostall Heath), 40 & 41 Vict. c. cci.

121

1884. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money), 1884 Ch. 50, 51.

The Plurastead Common Act, 1878, 41 & 42 Vict. c. cxlv.

, Wormwood Scrubs Act, 1879, 42 & 43 Vict. c. clx.

, Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1881 (Brook Green, Eel Brook Common, Ac.), 44 Vict. c. xviii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Hackney Commons) Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict. c. cxlvii.

, Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 34.

, Various Powers Act, 1882 (Peckham Rye and Tooting Beck), 45 & 46 Vict. c. lvi.

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to remove doubts as to the powers of the Secretary of State in relation to the altering, enlarging, rebuilding, and building of Prisons, and appropriating any Building for a Prison.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS tinder the Prison Act, 1865, every prison authority had power to alter, enlarge, or rebuild any of its prisons, and to build other prisons in lieu of or in addition to any subsisting prisons, if the necessity so to do was shown, and the approval of the Secretary of State obtained, and the other conditions complied with, and doubts have arisen as to whether the Prison Act, 1877, enables the Secretary of State to exercise the said power, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Prison Act, 1877. This Act may be cited as the Prison Act, 1884, and this Act and the Prison Act, 1877, may be cited together as the Prison Acts, 1877 and 1884.

2. — (1.) The Secretary of State, with the approval of the Treasury, may alter, enlarge, or rebuild any prison, and build any new prison which appears to be necessary, and for that purpose shall have all the powers conferred by the Prison Act, 1865, for the like purpose on a prison authority who had obtained the sanction of a Secretary of State.,

(2.) The Secretary of State, in lieu of building, may by such declaration as herein-after mentioned, appropriate as a prison any suitable building or part of a building vested in him or under his control, including any prison for convicts under the superintendence of the directors of convict prisons which is situate in England.

(3.) The Secretary of State may from time to time declare that any building or part of a building built for or appropriated as a prison in pursuance of this Act shall, and the same accordingly shall, be a prison under the Prison Act, 1865, and the Prison Act, 1877, and be within the jurisdiction of the Prison Commissioners, and be a prison for the county and prison jurisdiction named in the declaration; such declaration may be at any time revoked by the Secretary of State, but while in force shall have full effect.

Provided that nothing in any such declaration shall alter the legal estate in any building.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 126.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 21.

Construction and short title.

Explanation a» to power of Secretary of State to enlarge and build new prisons.

122 Ch. 51, 52. Prison Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

(4.) Any act of the Secretary of State done before the passing of this Act, which if done after the passing of this Act would have been valid, shall be as valid as if it had been done in pursuance of this Act.

(5.) There shall be repealed sections twenty-three to twenty-nine, both inclusive, of the Prison Act, 1865, without prejudice to any right acquired or liability incurred under those sections.

CHAPTER 52.

Schedule 1.

Schedule 2.

Schedule 3.

Schedule 4.

Schedule 5. Acts relating to the Shrews-

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited times some of the Acts herein-after specified, and to repeal others, and to make further provisions in respect to certain turnpike roads:

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the First Schedule annexed hereto shall continue in force until the dates respectively specified in fhe third column thereof, and no longer.

2. The Acte specified in the first and second columns of the Second Schedule annexed hereto shall be repealed on and after the dates respectively specified in the third column thereof

3. The Acte specified in the first and second columns of the Third Schedule annexed hereto shall, so far as the same are now in force, be repealed on and after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and all debts then remaining unpaid in respect of principal moneys borrowed on the credit of the tolls of the Ladykirk and Norham Bridge Trust under the Act of the session of the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-eight (local), together with all arrears of interest due in respect of such debts, shall thereupon be extinguished.

4. The Acte specified in the first and second columns of the Fourth Schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the third column thereof, as from the date specified in the fourth column thereof and subject to the modifications specified in the fifth column thereof, continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety, and no longer.

Provided that the arrears of interest due in respect of any principal moneys charged or secured upon the revenues of the Haw Bridge Trust, under the Act of the session of the fifteenth year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-nine (local), and remaining unpaid on the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, shall thereupon be extinguished.

5. The Acte specified in the Fifth Schedule annexed hereto shall be repealed on and after the first day of November one thousand

1884. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance, 1884. Ch. 52. 123

.eight hundred and eighty-four, so far as they relate to the portions bury and of the road from Shrewsbury to Holyhead, which are situate in the Holyhead counties of Denbigh and Merioneth, and that portion of the said road situate in the county of Carnarvon which lies between the boundary of the county at or near Pontfadoc Bridge, and the boundary of the county at or near Hendre Issa.

Provided that each of the several portions of the road in relation whereto the said Acts are repealed by this section shall upon such repeal become a main road within the meaning of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, and in conformity with and subject to the provisions of that Act one-half of the expenses incurred from and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four by the highway authority in the maintenance of such main road shall, as to every part thereof which is within the limits of any highway area, be paid to the highway authority of such area by the county authority.

6. The said Acts specified in the Fifth Schedule annexed hereto Schedules, shall, so far as they relate to the portion of the road in the county of Carnarvon which is situate between the boundary of the county bmy and at or near Bettws-y-coed and the Menai Bridge and the portion of Holyhead the road in the county of Anglesey, continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety. until Nov. l.

Provided as follows: — ' 1890, so far as

(1.) That from and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four the Commissioners by and under road, whom the portions of the road specified in this section are now maintained and repaired shall be discharged from and shall cease to carry into execution any of the trusts and powers vested in them in respect of the said portions of the road, and from and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four and until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety each of the said portions of the road shall be vested in the county authority of the county in which the same is situate, and such county authority shall, so far as regards the portion of the road transferred to them, have, exercise, and be subject to all the powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, obligations, and property, now exercisable by attaching to or vested in the said Commissioners in relation thereto.

(2.) That the tolls levied by the county authority shall be applied by them in repairing, maintaining, and improving the portion of the road vested in them by this section, and in defraying such other charges in connexion therewith as would, but for the passing of this Act, be payable by the Commissioners aforesaid.

(3.) That so far as the toll income and other receipts of the county authority in respect of the portion of the road vested in them by this section may, from time to time, be insufficient to defray the expenses of the repair and maintenance thereof, and other charges incident thereto, it shall be lawful for the county authority to make good the deficiency out of the county rate.

124

Ch. 52. Annual Turnpike Acts Cont 1684. 47 & 48 Vict.

(4.) That the rentcharge of one hundred and six pounds per annum now payable to the Commissioners aforesaid by the London and North-western Railway Company, under the two hundred and seventy-ninth section of the Act of the seventh and eighth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-five (local), and the Chester and Holyhead Railway Act, 1858, shali, from and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four be applied towards repairing and maintaining the portion of the road in the county of Anglesey, and the embankment mentioned in the said section, and shall, during the period between the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four and the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety be paid to the county authority of the said county as the same shall become due. After the expiration of such period the said rentcharge shall be paid to the authority or authorities in the said county liable for the time being to repair and maintain the said portion of the said road or the said embankment.

(5.) That it shall nob be necessary for the county authority to appoint a surveyor, clerk, or treasurer, under the powers vested in them by this section, but the duties of such officers shall, so far as may be necessary, be performed by the county surveyor, the clerk of the peace, and the county treasurer respectively.

(6.) That any mortgage debt secured upon the revenues of the road from Shrewsbury to Holyhead, or any part thereof, in respect of which no interest has been claimed within ten years immediately preceding the passing of this Act shall together with the interest thereon be extinguished.

(7.) That for the purpose of enabling the letting by the county authority of Carnarvon or Anglesey of the tolls to be taken on the portion of the road transferred to them, and also of the turnpikes, tollhouses, and weighing-machines vested in them by virtue of this Act, to take effect as from the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, it shall be lawful for them previously to that date to enter into contracts for such letting of the tolls, turnpikes, tollhouses, and weighing-machines, subject to the provisions of the sixty-fifth section of the Act first specified in the Fifth Schedule annexed hereto.

(8.) That it shall not be necessary for the county authority to comply with the requirements of the eighty-ninth section of the Act first specified in the Fifth Schedule annexed hereto; but the clerk of the peace of each of the counties of Anglesey and Carnarvon shall make an annual return to the Local Government Board of the receipts and expenditure of the county authority in respect of the portion of the road under their management, and the Local Taxation Returns Acts, 18(30 and 1877, shall apply to such returns in like manner as if they were specifically mentioned in the said Acts, and the said county authorities were mentioned as local authorities in the said Acts.

125

1884. Annual Turnpike Acte CoTitinuance Act, 1884. Ch. 52.

Nothing in this section shall be deemed to impose upon the county authority any liability in respect of any pension which has been or may hereafter be awarded to any officer of the said Commissioners.

7. Whereas it appears that the portions of the road from Shrewsbury to Holyhead, and the fences thereof, which are situate in the county of Anglesey and between the Menai Bridge and the boundary of the county of Carnarvon at or near Bettws-y-coed are in many parts out of repair, and considerable sums of money will be required to put the same into an efficient state of repair: And whereas it is expedient that the county authorities should be empowered under certain conditions to borrow money for this purpose: Be it enacted, that each of the county authorities of Anglesey and Carnarvon may, with the consent of the Local Government Board and within two years from the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, borrow, under and subject to the provisions of the Local Loans Act, 1875, on mortgage of the tolls to be taken upon the portion of the road vested in such county authority or of the county rate or of both, such sum as may be required for the purpose aforesaid. Any sum so borrowed shall be repayable together with interest within such period as the Local Government Board may approve, not exceeding six years from the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and any such sum may be repaid by means of a sinking fund.

8. Terms used in the fifth, sixth, and seventh sections of this Act shall have the same meaning as in the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878.

9. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the Sixth Schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the third column thereof, continue in force until the dates respectively specified in the fourth column thereof, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

10. All other Acts now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any turnpike road which will expire at or before the end of the next session of Parliament shall continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five and to the end of the then next session of Parliament, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides; but this section shall not affect any Act continued to a specified date and no longer, or any Act which is to be repealed at a specified time.

11. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland.

12. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884.

Power to borrow money for repairs of certain portions of Shrewsbury and ifolyhead road.

Interpretation.

Schedule 6.

Continuance of all other Turnpike Aots.

[Short title.]

Extent of Act.

126 Ch. 52. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict:

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULES 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Schedule. No. of Act.

Derby . - Birkin Lane - - 1 10

Sheffield and Chapel-en-le-Frith 1 9

Tupton and As hover - - ! | 1 10

Gloucester - Haw Bridge - - 4 20

Tewkesbury, Severn Bridge - ! 4 19

Hants - . Winchester Road - 1 7

Kent Folkestone and Barham 1 6

Lancaster . Dry dough, Shaw, and Rochdale 2 16

Manchester and Ashton-under-Lyne - . 1 4

Manchester and Salter's Brook -:1 1, 2

Leicester Loughborough to Ashby de la Zouch and 2 12, 13, 15

Cavendish Bridge (United).

Monmouth Abergavenny - - 1 11

Northumberland Greenlaw Roads and Coldstream Bridge - 3 18

Ladykirk and Norham Bridge - 3 17

Notts - Retford and Gainsborough . i 1 5

Sussex - - New Chappel, Lindfield, and Brighton - 1 1 8

York - - Ferrybridge and Boroughbridge - 1 1 3

Anglesey - 1 [

Carnarvon Denbigh V Shrewsbury and Holyhead (part) - 1 j 5 f21, 22, 1.23, 24

Merioneth J

Flint — " Flint, Holywell, and Mostyn - ! 2 14

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance,

and no longer.

l. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Date to which Act is to continue in force.

7 Geo. 4. c. xvi. ' 1. An Act for more effectually repairing and 1 improving the roads from Manchester in the county palatine of Lancaster to Salter’s | Brook, in the county palatine of Chester, | and for making and maintaining several I extensions or diversions of road, and a new branch of road to communicate there-1 with. 1 November 1884, vil u>

3 Will. 4. c. lvii. -; 1 2. An Act to amend an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the roads from Manchester to Salter’s Brook, and for making several roads to communicate therewith, and also for making a certain new extension or diversion of the said roads instead of a certain extension or diversion by the said Act authorised to be made. 1 November 1884, and no longer.

1884. Anrmal Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884. Ch. 52.

127

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act 3. Date to which Act is to continue in force.

5 A 6 Yicfc. c. lxxxvi. 3. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the road leading from Ferrybridge, through Wetherby, to Borough-bridge in the county of York. 1 November 1884, and no longer.

14 Vict. c. xli. 4. An Act to continue the term of the Act of the sixth year of George the Fourth, chapter fifty-one (local), so far as relates to the turnpike road between Manchester and Audenshaw in the parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, and to make better provision for the repair of the road; and for other purposes. 1 November 1884, and no longer.

24 Vict. c. vi. 5. An Act to repeal the Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the west end of Gainsburgh Bridge to East Retford, and to Grigley-on-the-Hill in the county of Nottingham, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof. 1 November 1884, and no longer.

25 Vict. c. vi. 6. An Act for extending the term and amending the provisions of the Acts relating to the Folkestone to Barham Downs turnpike road in the county of Kent. 1 November 1884* and no longer.

25 Vict. c. xii. 7. An Act for the Winchester Road in the county of Southampton. 1 November 1884, and no longer.

25 & 26 Vict. c. lix. - 8. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the New Chappel, Lindfield and Brighton, and Ditchemig and Clayton Roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof. 1 November 1884, and no longer.

25 & 26 Vict. c. cxxxiv. 9. An Act to repeal the Act for repealing two Acts for repairing the road from Little Sheffield in the county of York to Sparrow Pit Gate in the county of Derby, and also an Act for making a road from Banner Cross in the West Riding of the county of ! York to Fox House in the county of Derby, i and for consolidating the trusts of certain roads mentioned in the said Acts, and for amending and making certain other roads; to communicate therewith, and for other | purposes; " and to make other provisions ' in lieu thereof. 1 November 1884, and no longer. 1

25 & 26 Vict. c. cxlvii. 10. An Act for more effectually repairing certain roads called " The Tupton and Ashover Road, " and "The Birkin Lane Road, " in the county of Derby. 1 November 1884, and no longer.

26 Vict. c. lix. 11. An Act to continue the Abergavenny Turnpike Trust, excepting certain roads; and for other purposes. 1 November 1885, and no longer.

128 Ch. 52. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884.47 & 48 Vict.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to be repealed on and after the dates specified in each instance.

1. Date of Act. 2. Titled Act. 3. Date of Repeal.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. lxxiv. 12. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the south-east end of the town of Loughborough, in the county of Leicester, commencing at South Field Lane, to the south end of Cavendish Bridge, in the same county. 25 March 1885.

1 Will. 4. o. lxvii. - | i 13. An Act for more 'effectually repairing, widening, and otherwise improving the road from the south-east end of the town of Loughborough, in the county of Leicester, commencing at. South Field Lane, to the south end of Cavendish Bridge, in the same county. 25 March 1885.

26 Vict. c. xx*. - 1 i i i 1 14. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the several roads comprised in the Flint, Holywell, and Mostyn districts of roads; and for reviving and extending the powers for the construction of certain new roads; and for other purposes. 15. An Act for repairing the road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in Loughborough, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the county of Leicester, and also the road branching out of the said road at Colcorton Church to Rempstone, in the counties of Leicester and Nottingham. 1 November 1884.

26 Vict. c. liii. - - j l 25 March 1885.

29 Vict. c. xxi. - 16. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving and maintaining the road from Dry dough through Shaw, New Hey, and Milnrow to Rochdale, and other roads in the county of Lancaster, and to grant more effectual powers in lien thereof; and for other purposes. 1 November 1884.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Acts which, so far as the same are now in force, are to be repealed on and after the 1st of September 1884.

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act.

1 & 2 Vict. c. lxviii. 17. An Act for building a bridge over the River Tweed between Ladykirk, in the county of Berwick, and Norham, in the county of Durnam, and for making avenues and approaches thereto. 18. An Act for maintaining the road from Deanburn, in the county of Haddington, through Greenlaw, in the county Of Berwick, to Corn-hill, in the county of Durham, with branches from Carfrae Mill, through Lauder, from Oran go Lane to Swinton, and from Coldstream to Mount Pleasant, all in the county of Berwick; and for maintaining the bridge over the River Tweed at Coldstream.

9 Vict. c. xlvi.

1884.

Annual Turnpike Ads Continuance, 1884. Ch. 52.

129

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force, subject to modifications, until the 1st November 1890, and no longer.

i.

2.

Dateo! Act.

Title of Act.

13 & 14 Vict. 19. An Act for continuing the term c. lxvi. of an Act passed in the fourth

year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for building a bridge over the River Severn at or near to the Mythe Hill, within the parish and near to the town of Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester, to the opposite side of the said river, in the parish of Busbley, in the county of Worcester, and for making convenient roads and avenues to communicate with such bridge, within the counties of Gloucester and Worcester, and of another Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the powers and provisions of an Act relating to the Tewkesbury Severn Bridge and Roads, for the purpose of paying off the debt now due on the said

13 Vict. c. lix.

bridge and roads.

20. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Acts relating to the Haw Passage Bridge in the county of Gloucester.

Extent to which the Act is continued.

4.

Dates from which Modifications are to commence or be continued.

5.

Modifications.

So far as the Act relates to the bridge over the River Severn at or near the Mythe Hill

The date of the passing of the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884.

No interest payable. No return toll to be taken for horses drawing.

The entire Act -

1 November 1884.

No interest payable. Not less than 601. to be expended in painting the bridge before 1 October 1885.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which, so far as they relate to certain portions of the road from Shrewsbury to Holyhead, are to continue in force until the 1st day of November 1890, and which, so far as they relate to other portions of the said road, are to be repealed on the 1st day of November 1884.

1. Hate of Act. 2. Title of Act

59 Geo. 3. c. 30 21. An Act for vesting in Commissioners the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon, and for discharging the trustees under several Acte of the seventeenth, twenty-eighth, thirty-sixth, forty -first, forty-second, forty-seventh, and fiftieth years of His present Majesty, from the future repair and maintenance thereof; and for altering and repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said line of road.

130

Ch. 52. Annual Turnpike Ads Continuance Ac£, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act.

59 Geo. 3. c. 48 22. An Act to amend an Act passed in the fifty-fifth year of His present Majesty for granting to His Majesty the sum of twenty thousand pounds towards repairing roads between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by Shrewsbury, and for giving additional powers to the Commissioners therein named to build a bridge over the Menai Straits, and to make a new road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead, in the county of Anglesea.

5 <fc 6 Will. 4. c. 21 - 23. An Act to amend and alter an Act of the fifty-ninth year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for vesting in Commissioners the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon; and for discharging the trustees under several Acts of the seventeenth, twenty-eighth, thirty-sixth, forty-first* forty-second, forty-seventh, and fiftieth years of His then present Majesty, from the future repair and maintenance thereof; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said line of road.

i

3 & 4 Vict. c. 104 24. An Act to transfer to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Works, and other Commissioners, the several powers now vested in the Commissioners for repairing the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon; and to amend the London and Holyhead Roads Acts, so far as relates to the Dunstable Road.

SCHEDULE 6.

Acts which, to the extent specified, are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Act.

Cambridge Thornset - 12

Cornwall . Penzance and Saint Just 10

Derby - Ashborne to Belper Bridge- 7

Cromford and Belper Combmartin and Ilfracombe 17

Devon - . 20

Durham - a Derwent and Shotley Bridge 19

Gloucester - Forest of Dean - 1

Lancaster . Blackburn and Preston - 3

Elton and Blackburn 6

Moses Gate:Ringley District -Standedge and Oldham and Branches 18

Leicester 11

- Moira and Greeley 14

Northumberland - North Shields and Newcastle-on-Tyne 15

Salop - - Wem and Bronygarth, First District 4, 9

York . - m Leeds and Birstal 8

Denbigh - . Mytholmroyd and Blacks tone Edge Llanrwst and Abergele - 16 2

Merioneth Portmadoc and Beaverpool Bridge Cilgwrgan Bettws and Tregynon 13

Montgomery - 5

1684

131

Annual Turnpike Ads Continuance Act, 1884. Ch. 52.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

i.

2.

Date of Act.

21 & 22 Vict. 1. c.lxxxvi.

22 & 23 Vict. 2. c. lxxviii.

22 & 23 Vict. 3. < o. xciii.

23 Vict. c. viii.

4.

23 & 24 Vict. ! 5.

c. cviii.

24 Vict. c. xx.

6.

25 & 26 Vict. 7. c. ciii.

25 & 26 Vict. 8.

c. cxvii.

Title of Act.

An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Dean Forest Turnpike Roads, and to make other provisions in lien thereof, and to authorise the construction of a new road, and for other purposes.

An Act for making a road from Llanrwst to Abergele, and a branch road thereout, in the counties of Denbigh and Caernarvon.

An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Act relating to the Blackburn and Preston Turnpike Road, and for constructing a bridge over the River Ribble in connexion therewith; and for other purposes. An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from Wem to the Lime Rocks at Bronygarth in the county of Salop, and for making several lines of road connected with the same in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

An Act for making a turnpike road from the Oswestry and Newtown Railway, near Cilgwrgan, in the county of Montgomery, over the River Severn to Tregynon, in the same county.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the tenth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining in repair the road from Brandlesome Moss Gate, in the township of Elton, to the Duke of York Public House, in the township of Blackburn, and a branch road therefrom* all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

An Act to continue the Ashborne and Belper Turnpike Trust, in the 'county of Derby, and for other purposes.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the first year of the reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from and out of the road leading from Quebec in Leeds, to Homefield Lane End in Wortley, to communicate with the road leading from

8.

Extent to which Act is continued.

The entire Act

The entire Act

The entire Act

So far as relates to the First District of the Roads, and the road numbered two of the Second District.

The entire Act

The entire Act

The entire Act

The entire Act

4,

Date to which Act is continued.

1 November 1891.

1 November 1885 1 November 1890.

I

1 November 1894.

1 November 1891. 1 November 1887.

1 November 1888. 1 November 1888.

132

Ch. 52. Annual Tui'npike Acta Continuance Act, 1884. 47 & 48 VICTl

1. 2. S. 4.

Extent to which Date to which Act

Date of Act. Title of Act. Act is continued. is continued.

25 & 26 Vict. c. cxxx.

Huddersfield to Birstal at the " Coach and Horses " public house in Birstal, in the West Riding of the county of York, and granting more effectual powers in lieu thereof.

9. An Act to amend " The "Wem and Bronygarth Roads Act, 1860, " and to confer further powers in relation to the said roads.

So far as relates to the First District of the roads, and the road numbered two of the Second District.

1 November 1894.

26 Vict. c. xxvii.

10. An Act for making a turnpike road from Penzance to Saint Just in Penwith in the county of Cornwall, with branches, and for the adoption, alteration, and improvement, for the purposes thereof, of certain public highways; and for other purposes.

The entire Act

1 November 1885.

26 & 27 Vict. c. cl.

27 <fc 28 Vict. c. xxxvii.

11. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Standedge in Saddleworth in the county of York, to Oldham in the county of Lancaster, and other roads m the Baid county of York, and for making and maintaining two new branches to communicate therewith, and granting more effectual powers in lieu thereof; and for other purposes.

12. An Act to extend the term and amend the provisions of the Act relating to the Thornset Turnpike Roads.

The entire Act 1 November 1885.

The entire Act 1 November 1886.

27 & 28 Vict. c. liv.

27 & 28 Vict.

-C. lxx.

"27 & 28 Vict. c. cii.

13. An Act for the Portmadoc and Beaver Pool Bridge Turnpike Roads in the counties of Merioneth and Carnarvon.

The entire Act

14. An Act for more effectually repair- The entire Act ing certain roads from Scaadow

Gate in the parish of Ticknall, to the Burton-upon-Trent and Ashby Boad, and other roads connected therewith, and for making new branches of road, in the counties of Derby and Leicester; and for other purposes.

15. An Act for repairing the road from The entire Act North Shields in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for

other purposes.

1 November 1886.

1 November 1886.

1 November 1886.

, 1884. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884. Ch. 52, 53,

133

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 8. Extent to which Act is continued. 4. Date to which Act is continued.

27 & 28 Vict. c. civ. 16. An Act to grant a farther term in the road from or near MyLholm Boyd Bridge in the West Riding' of the county of York, communicating with the road at or near to the sixth milestone from Rochdale in the county of Lancaster, and further powers for the management thereof; to alter the rights of the existing creditors of the trust, and to repeal the existing Act, and for other purposes. The entire Act ] 11 November 1886.

28 & 29 Vict. c. cxliv. 17. An Act to extend the term and amend the provisions of the Act relating to the Cromford and Bel-per Turnpike Road. The entire Act 1 November 1887.

28 & 29 Vict. 18. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Moses Gate and Ringley branch Turnpike Roads, and to make other provisions in lion thereof; and to authorise now works; and for other purposes. 19. An Act for repairing the road from the Gateshead and Hexham Turnpike Road at or near to Axwell Bark Gate on the River Derwent in the township of Winlaton, in the parish of Ryton, in the county of Durham, to the village of Shotley Bridge in the said county of Durham. 20. An Act for making and maintaining a new road between Combmartin and Ilfracombe, both in the county of Devon. So far as relates 1 November 1887.

c. cccxxxvi. to the Ringley branch. 1 November 1888.

29 Vict. c. vii. The entire Act

29 & 30 Vict. c. cxvi. The entire Act 1 November 1888.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act are, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of* December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of such Acts, and of the enactments amending the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, short title. 1884.

134 Ch. 53. Expiring Laws Continuance, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Continuance of Acts in schedule.

2. The Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act, in so fax as they are temporary in their duration, shall, to the extent in column two of the said schedule mentioned, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five and any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner.

SCHEDULE.

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

(1) 5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 27. Linen, Hempen, Cotton, and other Manufactures (Ireland). The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. (except 88. 18 and 23). 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60 *

(2) 3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. Poor Rates, Stock in Trade Exemption. The whole Act. —

(3) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commissioners (now Laud Commissioners). So much as relates to the appointment of and the period for holding office by Land Commissioners and other officers. 14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 73. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38. s. 48. I

(4) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. Application of Highway Bates to Turnpike Roads. The whole Act. —

(5) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 32. Landed Property Improvement (Ireland). (6)’10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. As to powers of Commissioners 12 & 13 Vict. c. 59. 13 & 14 Vict. c. 31. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 29. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 40.

As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. —

(7) 11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ireland). The whole Act - 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

(8) 14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. (9) 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. Corrupt Practices Prevention. (10) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland). The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. 0.124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. s. 10.

So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. The whole Act. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. s. 6. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. o.' 5L

1894. flaypi'i'mg LawsOontinuance Act, 1884. Off. 53.

135

l.

Original Acts.

2.

How far continued.

3.

Amending Acts.

(11) .

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. Salmon Fishery (England).

(12) !

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. Promissory Notes.

(13)

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland).

(14) '

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. Militia Ballots Suspension.

(15)

28 &*29 Vict. c. 83. Locomotives on* Roads.

(16)

29 A30 Vict. c. 52. Prosecution Expenses.

(17)

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. Parliamentary Elections.

(18)

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. Election

Commissioners Expenses.

(19)

32 A38, Vict. c. 56. Endowed

Sohools (Schemes).

(20)

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

(21)

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. Parliamentary and Municipal Elections

(Ballot).

(22)

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48. Regulation of Railways.

(23)

38 & 39 Vict. c. 48. Police Expenses.

(24)

38 & 39 Vict. c. 84. Returning Officers Expenses.

(25)

39, & 40 Vict 40 Vict. c. 21. Juries (Ireland).

(26)

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41. Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland).

As to appointment of inspectors, s. 31.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

The whole Act.

So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The whole Act -

As to the powers of making schemes, and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners and additional secretary.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

The whole Act - The whole Act. The whole Act.

The whole Act. The whole Act.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 58.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part IL)

42 & 43 Vict 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 87.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections.)

37 & 38 Vict. c. 40. (Part H.)

136

Ch. 53, 54. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 8. Amending Acts.

(27) 41 & 4B Vict. c. 72. Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland). The whole Act. —

(28) 43 Vict. c. 18. Parliamentary Elections. The Whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

(29) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 35. Diseases Prevention, Metropolis. The whole Act. —

(30) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention. The whole Act. —

4? nu.

h8 t If Vctst- (%2 i

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to consolidate and amend the law relating to the Registration of Deeds and other matters affecting lands and hereditaments within the North, East, and West Ridings of the County of York.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of the Acts mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act register offices have been established for the registration of deeds, conveyances, wills, incumbrances, and other matters affecting lands and hereditaments within the three ridings of the county of York, and the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull:

And whereas it is expedient to consolidate and amend the said Acts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, a. by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

Commence- 2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January

ment of Act. One thousand 'eight hundred and eighty-five, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act, but any orders or rules and any appointment to any office may be made under this Y.' Act at any time after the passing thereof, but such orders or rules shall not take effect until the commencement of this Act.

Interpretation. 3. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression "north riding" means the north riding of the county of York;

The expression "east riding" means the east riding of the county of York, and for the purposes of this Act lands within the town or county of Kingston-upon-Hull shall be deemed to be lands within the east riding;

1884. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

aa7

The expression "west riding" means the west riding of the

county of York, and for the purposes of this Act lands within the wapentake known as " the Ainsty " shall be deemed to be lands within the west riding;

The expression "the three ridings" means the north riding, the east riding, and the west riding as above defined;

The expression "county authority " means, as respects each of the | ridings, the justices of the peace of the said riding in general | or quarter sessions assembled;

The expression "county rate " includes any rate in the nature of a county rate which the county authority may have power to levy for purposes similar to those for which a county rate may now be levied;

The expression "existing Registry Acts" means the Acts specified in the First Schedule to this Act annexed;

The expressions "existing registry" and "existing registrar" mean the registry and registrar for the purposes of the existing Registry Acts within the ridings respectively immediately before the commencement of this Act;

The expression "registrar " shall for the purpose of the discharge of any duties imposed on any registrar by this Act include any deputy registrar who under the provisions of this Act or under any provisions of any of the existing Registry Acts for the time being in force is empowered to perform any such duties;

The expression "land " includes land and tenements and hereditaments, corporeal or incorporeal, and houses and other buildings, and also an undivided share in land; -

The expression "parish" means any parish, township, or place

for which a separate poor rate can be made; >• 3

The expression "conveyance"(includes)any assignment, appoint ment, lease, or settlement made by deed on a sale, mortgage, demise, or settlement of any land or appointment of a new trustee in respect thereof, which has been executed by one or more of the parties by whom any interest in such land is thereby conveyed; / //*) /, ?

The expression "mortgage " includes any charge on any land for securing money or money’s worth, and any transfer of a mortgage;

The expression "enlargement of term into fee simple" means any enlargement of the residue of a term subsisting in any land into a fee simple made by deed in pursuance of the Conveyancing 44 & 45 Vict. and Law of Property Act, 1881, or any Act or Acts amending c. 41.

the same; < *

The expression "memorandum of charge" shall include

memorandum of a lien or charge on any land which may be ' registered under the provisions of this Act;

The expression "statutory receipt" means any receipt the endorsement of which under any statute on any conveyance by way of mortgage vacates the same and transfers any estate in the property therein comprised without any re-conveyance;

The expression "will " includes codicil;

The expression "probate" means the probate of any will or any letters of administration with the will annexed, or a copy

tl38

27 & 28 Vict. «. 114.

Assurances and wills may be registered.

Mode of registration.

Ch. 54. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

thereof stamped with the seal of the Probate Division of the High Court of Justice, or a certified office copy thereof; f The expression "award of the Land Commissioners" means any award made by the Land Commissioners for England under any of the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1876, or any Act or Acts amending the same;

The expression "order of the Land Commissioners" means an absolute order of the Land Commissioners for England, whereby a rentcharge is created on land in pursuance of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, or any Act or Acts amending the same;

I The expression "order of a court" means any judgment, decree, writ of execution or sequestration, adjudication in bankruptcy, I or other order or process of or issuing from a court of competent jurisdiction or any order of the Charity Commissioners whereby any interest in any land is or may be affected;

The expression "assurance " shall include any conveyance, enlargement of term incolee simple, memorandum of charge, deed of consent to the discharge of a trustee, statutory receipt, Private Act of Parliament, award or order of the Land Commissioners, order of a court, certificate of appointment of trustee in bankruptcy, or affidavit of vesting under any Act of Parliament.

Registration.

4. From and after the commencement of this Act, and subject to the provisions of this Act and any rules made under this Act, all assurances executed or made after the commencement of this Act, and alTwills of any testators dying after the commencement of this Act, by which any lands within any of the three ridings are affected may be registered under this Act

5. The registration of any assurance, will, or other instalment under this Act, shall be effected in the following manner:

(1.) There shall be presented for enrolment in the register —

(A) In the case of deeds, wills, or other assurances which may be registered under this Act, except private Acts of Parliament or memoranda of charge, or affidavits of vesting under any Act of Parliament, a memorial thereof prepared in accordance with the provisions of this Act and any rules made thereunder, or such deed, will, or other assurance as aforesaid, at full length at the option of the person registering the same;

(b.) In the case of a private Act of Parliament, a Queen’s Printer’s copy of such Act, or a memorial thereof prepared in accordance with the provisions of this Act, and any rules made thereunder;

(c.) In the case of any memorandum of charge, caveat, notice, or affidavit which may be registered under this Act, such memorandum, caveat, notice, or affidavit at full length;

(2.) Immediately on receipt of any instrument or memorial thereof presented for enrolment in the register, an entry shall be made in a book of reference to be kept for that purpose, setting forth —

(a) The date of the instrument.

1884.

139

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

(B.) (1.) In the case of a deed, the names of the parties.

(2.) In the case of a will, the name of the testator.

(3.) In the case of an order of court or certificate of appointment of trustee in bankruptcy, the title of the cause or matter wherein the same purports to be made; and the names of the parties thereto, if any.

(4.) In the case of a private Act of Parliament, the title of the Act.

(5.) In the case of an order of the Land Commissioners, the name of the landowner whose lands are charged. (6.) In the case of an award of the Land Commissioners, the names of the persons in whose favour the award is made.

(7.) In the case of a memorandum of charge, the name of the landowner whose lands are charged.

(8.) In the case of a caveat, the names of the persons by and in whose favour the same is given?

(9.) In the case of a notice of i will the names of the testator, and of the person by whom such notice is given.

(1(X) In the case of an affidavit of intestacy, the names of the deceased and of the deponent.

(11.) In the case of an affidavit of vesting, the title of the Act of Parliament under which such vesting has been effected, and the name of the deponent.

(c.) The names of all the parishes in which the lands affected by such instrument are situate.

(d.) The volume, page, and number of the register where such instrument or memorial thereof is, or is intended to be enrolled.

(e.) The date, hour, and minute when such instrument or memorial thereof was received at the office for the purpose of registration.

And upon such entry being duly made, such instrument shall be deemed to have been registered under this Act, and the date, hour, and minute so entered as aforesaid shall be deemed for all purposes to be the date of registration, provided that if such entry be duly made in respect of part only of the lands affected by any such instrument, such instrument shall as to the lands with respect to which such entry has been duly made, but not as to the residue of the lands affected thereby, be deemed to have been registered under this Act: Provided that if such instrument shall afterwards be registered as to the omitted lands, a note of such registration and of the date thereof shall be made in the book of reference, and such registration shall thenceforth be valid and effectual as to such omitted lands.

(3.) As soon as conveniently may be after the presentation of any instrument or memorial thereof for enrolment in the register, such instrument or memorial thereof shall be duly enrolled in the register and the volume, page, and number of the register where the same is so enrolled, shall correspond with the entry made or to be made in the book of reference relating to such instrument, and an entry shall be made in the margin

140

Ch. 54.

Yorkshire Registries 1884. 47 & 48-Vict.

of the register opposite any instrument or memorial thereof so enrolled of the date of registration.

Memorials. 6. Except so far as may be otherwise expressly provided by this Act, or by any rules to be made under this Act, the memorials of all |; assurances or wills which are enrolled in the register under this Act \ shall be subject to the following regulations:

(1.) In the case of a deed the memorial shall be under the hand and seal of some or one of the parties thereto, or of some or one of their or his heirs, executors, administrators, guardians, or trustees, and shall be attested by one or more witnesses, one of whom at least shall have been a witness to the execution of the deed, and shall contain —

(a.) The date of the deed:

(b.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of all the parties to the deed so far as set out therein:(c.) The names and descriptions of the residences and occupations of all the witnesses to the execution of the deed so far as appears therein:

(d.) A description of all the lands affected by the deed within the riding, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate, in such manner as the same are expressed or mentioned in such deed, or to the same effect: (E.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to be registered.

(2.) In the case of a will the memorial shall be under the hand and seal of one of the trustees or executors of the said will, or of some one or more persons claiming an interest thereunder in some of the lands affected thereby within the riding, and shall be attested by one or more witnesses, and shall contain — (a.) The date of the will:

(b.) The date of the death of the testator:

(c.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the testator so far as set out in the will:

(d.) The names and descriptions of the residences and occupations of all the witnesses to such will so far as appears therein:

(e.) A description of all the lands affected by the will within the riding, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate, so far and in such manner as the same are expressed or mentioned in the will or to the same effect:

(f.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to be registered.

(3.) In the case of an order of a court or a certificate of appointment of trustee in bankruptcy^He memorial shall be under the hand and seal of some party claiming to be interested in some lands affected thereby within the riding, and shall contain —

(a.) The date of the order or certificate;

(b.) The title of the cause or matter wherein the same purports to be made;

141

1884. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

(c.) The names of the parties (if any) to such cause or matter;

(d.) So much of the order or certificate itself as affects any lands within the riding or describes or defines such lands;

(e.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to be registered.

(4.) In the case of a Private Act of Parliament the memorial shall be under the hand and seal ofsome party claiming to be interested in some lands affected thereby within the riding, and shall contain —

(a.) The date and title of the Act:

(b.) So much of the Act itself as affects any lands 'within the riding or describes or defines such lands:

(c.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to be registered.

(5.) In the case of an award of the Land Commissioners the memorial shall be undef the hand and seal of some party claiming to be interested in some lands affected thereby within the riding, and shall contain —

(a.) The date of the award.

(b.) The names of all the persons in whose favour the award is made.

(c.) A description of all the lands affected by the award within the riding, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate.

(d.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to be registered.

(6.) In the case of an order of the Land Commissioners the memorial shall be under~th"3 ""haml and seal of some party claiming to be interested in some lands affected thereby within the riding, and shall contain —

(a.) The date of the order:

(b.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the landowner whose lands are charged thereby:

(c.) The particulars of the lands charged within the riding:

(d.) The amount of the rentcharge:

(e.) The period during which the same is made payable.

(f.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to be registered.

7. Where any lien or charge on any lands within any of the three ridings is claimed in respect of any unpaid purchase money or by reason of any deposit of title deeds, a memorandum of such *

lien or charge, signed~by the person against, whom such lien o charge is claimed; may be registered by any person claiming to be interested therein.

Every such memorandum shall state —

(a.) The date from which such lien or charge is claimed;

(b.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the landowner whose lands are charged therewith;

Memorandum of lien or charge.

142

Deeds, &c. not to be enrolled unless originals, &c. produced.

Endorsement on deed or will after registration.

Caveats.

OB.54. Yorkshire Registries, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

(c.) . A description of all the lands within the riding affected by such lien or charge, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate;

(D.) The nature of the lien or charge claimed on or in such lands;

(e.) .The name, and a description of the residence and occupation of the person registering such memorandum; and no such lien or charge shall have any effect or priority as against any assurance for. valuable consideration which may be registered under this Act, unless and until a memorandum thereof has been registered in accordance with the provisions of this section.

8. No deed, will, order of a court, certificate of appointment of j trustee in bankruptcy, Private Act of Parliament, award, or order

I of the Land Commissioners shall be registered under this Act unless the original or one of the originals of such deed, or the original or the"probate Of -such will, or an otfice copy Dt such order of court or of such certificate, or a copy of such Act printed by Her Majesty's Printers, or a copy of the award duly sealed with the seal of the Commissioners, or a copy thereof signed by the clerk of the peace or his deputy, purporting the same to be a true copy, or the absolute order of the Land Commissioners duly sealed with the seal of the said Commissioners, as the case may be, is produced to the registrar at the time of such registration.

9. Iifflnedistely after the registration of any deed, will, order of court, certificate of appointment of trustee in bankruptcy, private Act of Parliament, award, order of the Land Commissioners, or memorandum of charge, under this Act there shall be endorsed on the original deed or the original will or probate thereof, or an office copy of order of court or certificate, or the copy of the Act or award, or the absolute order, or on the memorandum of charge, produced to the registrar a certificate, stating the date of registration and the volume, page, and number in the register in which the same or a memorial thereof is or is intended to be enrolled; and the registrar shall sign the said certificate and seal the same with the seal of the registry, and every certificate so’signed and sealed shall be receivable in evidence.

10. Subject to any rules made under this Act, a caveat may at any time be registered with respect to any lands within any of the three ridings by any person claiming to be entitled to any interest in such lands yn favour of anvTjqdy ui person named therein, and, unless removed. or cancelled in accordance" with any "rules to be made for that purpose, shall be in force for such period not exceeding six months as may be named therein in that behalf.

Every such caveat shall be under the hand and seal of the person by whom it is given, and attested by one witness at the least, and shall contain —

(A.) The date on which it is given:

(b.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person by whom it is given:

(c.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person in whose favour it is given:

(d.) The period for which it is given:

143

X884, Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

(e.) A description of the lands to be affected by such caveat and the nalnes of all the parishes wherein the same are situate.

If within, the period for which any caveat remains in force any assurance made or executed by the person by whom such caveat was given, and conveying any interest in the lands described therein to the person, in whose favour such caveat was given, or to his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, be duly registered under this Act, such assurance shall have priority as though it had been enrolled upon the date on which such caveat was enrolled, and such last-mentioned date shall, subject to the proviso hereinafter contained, be deemed to be the date of registration of the said assurance for all purposes, and shall be substituted in all certificates and other instruments for the date on which such assurance was actually enrolled accordingly: Provided that no such caveat shall have any effect as against the operation of any law for > the time being in force relating to bankruptcy, and that for the purpose of any such law the date of registration of any such assurance or will shall be deemed to be the date upon which such / assurance or will was actually registered.

U. "Where any person claiming an interest under any will' in Notices of any lands within any of the three ridings is desirous of registering the same, but is unable to do so within a period of six months after prov the death of the" testator, such person may within the said period of six months register a notice of such will. Every such notice shall be under the hand and seal of the person by whom it is given, and shall be attested by one witness in the least, and shall contain —

(A.) The date of the will:.

(b.) The date of the death of the testator:

(e.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the testator so far as set out in the will:

(d.) The name and description of the residence and "occupation of the person by whom such notice is given:

(e.) A description of all the lands affected by the will within the riding, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate, so far and in such manner as the same are expressed or mentioned in the will, or to the same effect.

Where any such notice has been duly registered within the said period of six months, then if within two years after the death of the testator the will, which is the subject of such notice, is duly registered under this Act, such will shall have priority as though it had been registered upon the date on which such notice was registered, and such last-mentioned date shall be deemed to be the date of registration of the said will for all purposes, and shall be substituted in all certificates and other instruments for the date on which such will was actually registered.

12* Any person who claims as heir or otherwise any estate or interest in any lands within any of the three ridings which might have been defeated or affected by the will of any person dying after the commencement of this Act, and believes that such person died intestate, or intestate as to such lands, may at any time after, but not before* the expiration of six months from the death of such person, register an affidavit of intestacy.

Affidavit of intestacy.

144

Where by any Act any lands are vested upon the payment of money, &c. an affidavit of the vesting may be registered.

Priority of assurances and wills.

tjj / C4i 32-/

Ch. 54. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Every such affidavit shall state —

(a.) The date of the death of the deceased:

(b.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the deceased:

(c.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the deponent:

(d.) A description of all the lands within the riding in which the deponent claims such estate or interest, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate:

(e.) The nature of the estate or interest claimed by the deponent:

(f.) The fact that the deponent believes that the deceased died intestate, or intestate as to such lands.

Where any such affidavit of intestacy has been duly registered, any assurance for valuable consideration made or executed by any person who would be empowered to make or execute the same in case of such intestacy, and duly registered, shall have priority over any will of the supposed intestate, the date of registration of which shall be subsequent to the date of registration of such assurance or will and not within or under this Act to be deemed to be within a period of six months after the death of the supposed intestate.

13. Where the provisions of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed have the effect of vesting any lands within any of the three ridings in any person by or upon the payment of money or by or upon any other act (other than any assurance or act the registration whereof is herein otherwise provided for), and such lands become so vested by or upon any such payment or other act made or done after the commencement of this Act, any person claiming under or by virtue of such vesting as aforesaid may register an affidavit of such vesting.

Every such affidavit shall contain —

(a.) A recital of the date and title of the Act of Parliament under which such vesting has been effected:

(b.) A recital of so much of the Act itself as affects the lands so vested:

(c.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the deponent:

(d.) A statement of the fact that such payment or act as aforesaid has actually been made or done with the date thereof: (e.) A description of the lands within the riding which have become vested under the said Act in consequence thereof, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate.

14. Subject to the provisions of this Act, all assurances entitled to be registered under this Act shall have priority according to the date of registration thereof, and not according to the date of such assurances, or of the execution thereof, and every will registered under this Act shall have priority according to the date of the death of the testator if the date of registration thereof be within, or under this Act to be deemed to be within, a period of six months after the death of the testator, or according to the da^e~T5f"fegistiation thereof, if such date of registration be not within, or under this Act to be deemed to be within, such period of six months: Provided that nothing in this Act shall interfere with the priorities as between

1884.

Ch. 54.

145

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

themselvej of any assurances or wills the dates of registration of which may be identical.

All priorities given by this Act shall have full effect in all courts, + MtOtl

except in cases of actual fraud, and all persons claiming thereunder/' any legal or equitable interests shall be entitled to corresponding priorities, and no such person shall lose any such priority merely in consequence of his having been affected' with actual or constructive notice, except in cases of actual fraud; but nothing' lir this section contained shall operate to confer upon any person claiming without valuable consideration under any person any further priority or protection than would belong to the person under whom he claims; and any disposition of land or charge on land, which if unregistered would be fraudulent and void, shall, notwithstanding registration, be fraudulent and void in like manner.

be actual notice.

Protection by legal estate and tacking not to be allowed.

15. The registration of any instrument under this Act shall be Registration to / deemed to constitute actual notice of such instrument, and of the fact of such registration to all persons and for all purposes whatsoever, as from the date of registration.

16. In any case in which priority or protection might but for this Act have been given or allowed to any estate or interest in lands by reason or on the ground of such estate or interest being protected by or tacked to any legal or other estate or interest in such lands, no such priority or protection shall after the commencement of this Act be so given or allowed to any estate or interest in lands within the three ridings, except as against any estate or interest which shall have existed prior to such commencement, and full effect shall be given in every court to this present provision, although the party claiming such priority or protection as aforesaid shall claim as a purchaser for valuable consideration and without notice.

17. Any person claiming under any assurance or will duly registered shall have and be entitled to all the same grounds of relief as against any person claiming through any assurance or will of a subsequent date to that under which he claims, but which has acquired priority by earlier registration as the person through whom he claims under such first-mentioned assurance or will might have had and been entitled to.

Rights of purchasers to relief to be the same as those of the persons through whom they claim.

18. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and any rules made Registration, thereunder, the registrar shall register all assurances, wills, and other instruments that may be entitled to be registered under this Act which, or memorials of which, may be presented to him for enrolment in the register in the order in which they are so presented, and shall make such entries as are required to be made under this Act or any rules made thereunder for the purposes of such registration.

Provided that all instruments or memorials which may be delivered through the post or otherwise at the office for the purpose of enrolment at any time when the office is closed, shall be deemed to be presented for enrolment simultaneously at the time when the office next opens for the business of registration, and that subject as aforesaid all instruments or memorials sent through the post shall be deemed to be presented for enrolment at the time when they are actually delivered at the office in course of post.

146

Ch. 54.

Searches may be made and copies taken by any person.

Official

searches.

Record of official searches. '

Certified

copies.

Protection of solicitors, trustees, &c. in the case of certificates, &c.

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

19. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and to any rules made thereunder, any person may, on application at the register office, at such times as may be limited by the registrar in that behalf inspect and search the register and any other books and indexes which may be required to be kept at the register office under this Act, or any rules made thereunder, and may take copies thereof or extracts therefrom.

20. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and to any rules made thereunder, any person may at any time require an official search to be made on his behalf at the register office, subject to the following regulations:

(a.) He shall deliver in the register office a requisition in writing signed by himself requiring such search to be made:

(b.) The requisitions shall contain such full particulars of the character of the search required to be made and otherwise in relation thereto as may be required by the registrar:

(c.) Upon receipt of any such requisition, the registrar shall cause a diligent search to be made, and shall give a certificate of the result of such search to the person requiring the same to be made, and shall sign such certificate and seal the same with the seal of the registry, and every certificate so signed and sealed shall be receivable in evidence.

21. Where any official search has been made under this Act, a record of the result of such search shall be preserved at the register office, and the registrar shall give a certificate of such result to any person requiring the same, and shall sign such certificate and seal the same with the seal of the registry, and every certificate so signed and sealed shall be receivable in evidence.

22. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and to any rides made thereunder, any person may require a certified copy of or extract from any document enrolled in the register or of or from any entry in the register, or any book or index kept at the register office under this Act, or any rules made thereunder, and thereupon a certified copy or extract signed by the registrar and sealed with the seal of the register office shall be given to such person, and every such copy or extract so signed and sealed shall be receivable as evidence of the contents of such document or entry in every case where such contents may under the rules of evidence be proved by means of any copy or extract; bait nothing in this section contained shall be taken to dispense with the production of any original document in any case in which the production thereof might otherwise be required, nor to dispense with any proof which might otherwise be required as to the due making and execution thereof.

23. Where any solicitor, trustee, executor, agent, or other person in a fiduciary position, either by himself or by a solicitor, obtains a certificate of the result of an official search, or a certified copy of any document enrolled in the register, or of any entry in the register or any book or index kept at the register office under this Act or any rules made thereunder, such solicitor, trustee, executor, agent, or other person shall not be answerable for any loss, damage, or injury that may arise from any error in such certificate or copy; and

1884.

147

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

Where in any case it is the duty of any solicitor, trustee, executor, agent, or other person in a fiduciary position, either by himself or by a solicitor, to compare any abstract of any deed or will with any original deed or will which has been enrolled at full length in the register, the comparison of such abstract with the copy so enrolled shall be deemed a sufficient discharge of such duty by such solicitor, trustee, executor, agent, or other person, and he or they shall not be answerable for any loss that may arise from any error in the copy so enrolled.

24. Subject to any rules made under this Act, every leaf of the register shall be numbered, and shall be signed by two members of the county authority to be nominated by the county authority for that purpose, and once at least in every year an entry shall be made in the records of the county authority of the number of volumes of the register, and the number of volumes of the various other books and indexes in use in the register office, and the number of pages contained therein respectively which then are or have been in use in the said office.

25. Any person claiming any estate or' interest in any lands within the limits of this Act may at any time apply to the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice for an order that the register or any book or index kept at any of the register offices under this Act, or any rules made thereunder, shall be rectified, or that any entry may be made or interpolated in any such register book or index, or that any entry in such register book or index may be cancelled, or that any certificate endorsed or given under this Act may be amended or cancelled, or that any deed, will, certificate, or other document may be produced to the registrar for the purpose of any registration, enrolment, entry, or cancellation, or that the priority by this Act granted to assurances, wills, or other instruments upon the registration thereof may be suspended in whole or in part during the continuance of any proceedings then^pending in any court as to any assurances or wills registered after the date of such order, and the court may either refuse such application, or if satisfied of the justice of the case may make such order in reference thereto, and as to the costs thereof, as may in their opinion be just and expedient.

The registrar and every other person or body affected by any such order of a court shall obey the same on being served with such order or an official copy thereof, and upon such service on the registrar such order shall be deemed to have been presented to him for enrolment in the register and shall be registered accordingly.

Any jurisdiction of the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice under this section may be exercised by any judge of the said court, whether sitting in open court or in chambers.

The Lord Chancellor may, from time to time, assign the duties vested in the said court in relation to matters under this section to any particular judge or judges of that court, and may from time to time make, revoke, and alter rules for carrying into effect the objects of this section: Provided always, that the said rules so made, revoked, or altered, shall not extend the jurisdiction of the court.

Pages of register to be numbered and signed.

Rectification of register by Court.

148

Entries in respect of statutory receipts.

Registrar need not register instrument not duly stamped.

Act not to extend to copyhold or certain leasehold interest. Shares in companies not to be affected.

Saving as to Crown lands.

Offices for the registration of deeds.

Seal of register office.

Vesting of register offices See. in clerk of peace.

Ch. 54. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Any person aggrieved by an order made under this section by the said court may appeal within the prescribed time in the same manner and with the same incidents in and with which orders made by the said court in cases within the ordinary jurisdiction of such court may be appealed from.

26. Nothing in any Act contained whereby the registrar is directed to give any certificate upon the production to him of any statutory receipt, shall render it obligatory on the registrar to give any such certificate unless and until such statutory receipt has been duly registered under this Act.

27. Nothing in this Act contained shall render it obligatory on the registrar to enrol, register, or enter any instrument chargeable with any stamp duty which is not duly stamped.

28. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to extend to any copyhold hereditaments, nor to any lease not exceeding twenty-one years, or any assignment thereof where accompanied by actual possession from the making of such lease or assignment.

29. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to extend to any assurance or will, so far as the same may relate only to shares in any public or private works or undertaking of any corporation, company, or society which by virtue of any Local or other Act of Parliament may be required to be registered or otherwise entered or minuted in the books of the corporation, company, or society.

30. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to extend to any assurances of any lands being parcel of the land revenues of the Crown, or assurances of lands to or in trust for Her Majesty, or other assurances which may be enrolled in " The Office of Land Revenue, Record, and Inrolments."

Register Offices.

31. There shall be offices for the registration of deeds —

At Northallerton for the north riding;

At Beverley for the east riding; and

At Wakefield for the west riding; which shall be maintained by the county authorities within the three ridings respectively, and the business of each such registry shall be conducted by a registrar, together with such number of clerks, messengers, and servants as may jfrom time to time be appointed in that behalf, and at each of such offices the registrar shall keep a register for the registration of assurance wills and other instruments required or permitted to be registered under this Act.

32. There shall be a seal for each register office, and judicial notice shall be taken of the seal and of the signature of the registrar in all legal proceedings.

33. From and after the commencement of this Act all the land and property vested in or held by any county authority, or by any person upon trust for the purposes of any existing registry, together with all the estate and interest of any registrar, or heirs, executors, administrators, or devisees of any late registrar of any existing registry in any land used for the purpose of such registry, or any fixtures, furniture, or effects belonging thereto, shall be vested in

1884.

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54. 140

the clerk of the peace for the riding within which such registry is situate, and his successors, subject to the liabilities affecting the same, upon trust for the purposes of the registry established under this Act within the said riding, and be by him and them held for the purposes of such registry, or otherwise be by him and them sold, conveyed, or disposed of in such manner as the county authority may from time to time order and direct.

34. The county authority may from time to time purchase any Building, &c. lands for the purposes of the registry established under this Act, and of office8* may upon such lands, and any other lands within the riding which may be vested in them or in any trustee for the purposes of the registry established under this Act, from time to time build, maintain, repair, alter, improve, enlarge, or rebuild such offices and buildings for the purposes of the registry established under this Act as they may think expedient, or may from time to time sell the lands so purchased or vested as aforesaid, or any part thereof, and all expenses incurred by the county authority in carrying into effect the provisions of this Act, together with all expenses of and incidental to the payment of any rates, taxes, assessments, or charges in respect of any such lands, buildings, or offices as aforesaid which may for the time being be vested in the county authority, or in any person or persons in trust for the purposes of the said registry, shall be paid by the county authority.

35. Subject to the provisions of this Act the county authority Rules, may from time to time make, and when made may rescind, amend,

or add to, rules in respect to all or any of the following matters:

(1.) The form of the register and the mode in which the same is to be made and kept:

(2.) The preparation and keeping at the register office of any books and indexes, and the entries to be made therein for the purpose of effecting any registration:

(3.) The mode in which registration is to be conducted:

(4.) The making of entries in the register where any mortgage, lien, or charge with reference to which any instrument has been registered under this Act has been satisfied or discharged:

(5.) The forms of memorials, certificates, and other instruments to be prepared for the purposes of this Act:

(6.) The making of searches and the giving of certified copies:

(7.) The fees to be taken by the registrar where such fees are not paid to and retained by an existing registrar for his own use:

(8.) The custody of the register and other documents connected with the business of registration:

(9.) The transmission by post of applications for registration and for search, and of registered documents and certificates of' registration and search:

(10.) Generally in relation to any matters, whether similar or not to those above mentioned, as to which it may be expedient to make rules for carrying into effect the objects of this Act:

Provided that no such rules shall have any force or effect unless and until they have been confirmed by the Lord Chancellor and published in such manner as he may direct, and that a copy thereof

47 & 48 Vict.

150 Ch. 54. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within fourteen days after the confirmation thereof if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting within fourteen days after the next meeting thereof.

Any rules made, confirmed, and published in pursuance of this Act shall be deemed to be within the powers conferred by this Act, and shall be of the same force as if enacted in this Act and shall he judicially noticed.

Existing 36. The existing registrars shall be the first registrars for the

registrare to be respective ridings for the purposes of this Act, and shall have and under^fsA^jt su^ject the like rights, duties, obligations, and liabilities,

* and be entitled to the same remuneration in connexion with the registries established under this Act as they would have and he subject to and would be entitled to in connexion with the existing registries if this' Act had not passed so far as may be possible, and save as aforesaid nothing in this Act contained shall affect the rights of the existing registrars or of their deputies duly appointed, or shall alter the nature and tenure of their offices or the remuneration attached thereto, or the duties, obligations, and liabilities of such registrars and deputies in connexion with the registries respectively: Provided always, that the county authority for any riding may at any time agree with the existing registrar for such riding that all fees and payments received by or on account of him in connexion with the registry established under this Act shall be paid over to the county authority and applied in manner directed by this Act, and that a salary of an agreed amount should be paid to such existing registrar in lieu thereof, and thereupon the said fees shall be paid over to the county authority and applied by them in manner directed by this Act, and a salary of the agreed amount shall be paid by the county authority to such existing registrar in accordance with the terms of the said agreement: Provided also, that the county authority for any riding may at any time agree with the existing registrar for such riding that such registrar shall surrender his office of registrar fas from some date to be agreed upon, and that in consideration thereof there shall be paid to such registrar a retiring allowance either in the form of an annuity (of a fixed amount or of an amount varying according to the fees and payments from time to time received in connexion with the registry) to be paid during the life of such registrar or of a capital sum, and thereupon such registrar may surrender his said office, and such retiring allowance shall be paid by the county authority to such registrar in accordance with the terms of the said agreement.

Appointment 37. When and so soon as the office of any existing registrar of officers, &c. becomes vacant, the following provisions shall come into force and have effect:

(1.) The county authority from time to time shall appoint some fit person being a. barrister or solicitor of not less than seven years standing and in actual practice at the time of such appointment* or a person who shall for a period of at least five years have discharged the duties of deputy registrar under any of the existing Registry Acts or partly under the existing Registry Acts and partly under this Act to be registrar who

1884.

Yorkshire Registries, 1884. Ch. 54.

shall personally attend to the duties of his office, and may, if they think it expedient, remove any person so appointed from such office: Provided that no such appointment shall have any force or effect unless and until it has been confirmed by the Lord Chancellor, and that the Lord Chancellor may at any time cancel any appointment so made and remove any person appointed from such office upon being satisfied that such person does not properly discharge the duties thereof.

No registrar appointed under this section shall either by himself or in partnership with any other person follow any other calling or profession during the time he holds such appointment.

<(2.) The county authority may from time to time by order direct that any person or persons to be nominated in such order shall be capable of discharging the duties of registrar during any temporary vacancy in the office or during the temporary absence of any registrar through illness or otherwise, upon such terms as to remuneration or otherwise as may be directed by such order; and in default of any such nomination the clerk of the peace or his deputy shall be empowered to act as registrar during such vacancy or temporary absence as aforesaid:

(3.) A registrar may, with the approval of the county authority, at any time, by writing under his hand, appoint some fit person or persons being qualified as is herein-before required for the office of registrar to be his deputy or deputies, and to act for him for such time and under such conditions as to remuneration or otherwise as may be sanctioned by the county authority: Provided that any deputy so appointed may at any time be removed from his office by the registrar or the county authority:

0.) The registrar, with the approval of the county authority, shall from time to time appoint such number of clerks, messengers, and servants as may be deemed expedient for carrying this Act into effect, and may from time to time dismiss any person so appointed:

(5.) Every registrar and deputy registrar, and, if the county authority think proper, all or any of the clerks to be appointed under this section, shall give security for the due performance of the duties of their respective offices in such manner and to such amount as the county authority may determine:

<(6.) The registrar, deputy registrars, clerks, messengers, and servants appointed under this section shall be paid such salaries or remuneration as the county authority may from time to time determine:

(7.)All salaries and remuneration payable under this section, together with all other expenses of and incidental to the register offices, shall be paid by the county authority.

38. The fees to be taken in each register office in respect of Fees, documents to be registered, entries, searches, certificates, and copies to be made, and other matters to be done in such office under this Act, shall be such fees as are specified in that behalf in the Second Schedule to this Act, or such other fees as are fixed in manner

152

Unauthorised fees not to be taken.

Application of fees.

Accounts.

Expenses to be defrayed out of county rate.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

Registering of memorials, &c. where assurance, &c. executed before commencement of Act, &c.

Ch. 54. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

herein-after mentioned, and such fees so specified or fixed may be taken and shall be paid accordingly, and nothing in this Act contained shall make it obligatory on the registrar to do any act or permit any act to be done in respect of which any fee is so specified and fixed, except on payment of such fee.

At any time and from time to time after any registrar has been appointed by the county authority, or after any agreement between any existing registrar and the county authority for the payment of such registrar by salary and not by fees has come into effect, the county authority may by any rules made under this Act vary or wholly abolish any fees specified in the Second Schedule hereto, and may fix new fees in addition thereto or in lieu thereof.

39. After the commencement of this Act no registrar or other person employed at any registry shall take or receive any fee or gratuity in respect of the business carried on thereat, except such as may be authorised to be taken under the provisions of this Act.

40. Subject to the rights of any existing registrars and their deputies to be paid and to retain for their own use any fees and other payments made to them under this Act, the county authority may from time to time direct that the fees or other payments which may be received under the authority of this Act, or any part thereof, shall be applied under such regulations as they may appoint in payment of the current or incidental expenses of the registry, or any of them, but, save so far as the same or any part thereof may be so applied, all such fees and payments as aforesaid shall be paid over to the county authority in such manner and subject to such regulations as they may direct, and shall be carried by them to the credit of the county rate.

41. Accounts shall be kept at each registry of all fees and payments received under the authority of this Act, and of all current and incidental expenses paid thereout, and such accounts shall be audited in such manner, at such times, and by such person or persons as may be directed by the county authority. Any person auditing any accounts in pursuance of this section shall be entitled to receive such remuneration (if any) as may be fixed by the county authority, and such remuneration shall be paid by the county authority.

42. All expenses incurred by a county authority under this Act and not otherwise provided for, including the expenses of and incidental to the obtaining of this Act, may be defrayed out of the county rate, and the county authority may from time to time cause such county rates to be levied as may be necessary for the purpose of defraying such expenses: Provided that such expenses shall be deemed to be sums expended out of the county rate for general county purposes within the meaning of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

Existing Registries.

43. Where in any case any assurance or instrument executed or made before the passing of this Act, or the will of any testator dying before the commencement of this Act, or any judgment, statute, or recognizance given, acknowledged, or made before the commencement of this Act, or any memorial thereof respectively,

1881.

Ch. 54.

153

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

might but for the passing of this Act have been registered in any existing registry, but such assurance, instrument, will, judgment, statute, recognizance, or memorial have not been so registered, such assurance, instrument, will, judgment, statute, or recognizance may be registered in the manner and subject to the regulations contained in this Act, and every such registration shall be deemed to be a registering of such assurance, instrument, will, judgment, statute, or recognizance, or of a memorial thereof, under such of the Acts by this Act repealed as apply to the existing registry in which the same might have been so registered as aforesaid, and shall have effect accordingly, but such registration shall not be deemed to be or have effect as a registration of an assurance, instrument, or will under this Act.

44. All registers, books, indexes, and other documents and instruments in; or belonging to the existing registries, or in the custody or under the control of the existing registrars, or of any other person attached thereto or employed therein for the purposes thereof, shall from and after the commencement of this Act be vested in the clerks of the peace for the ridings within which such registries are situate respectively, upon trust for the purposes of the registry established under this Act within the said riding, and be by him and them held for the purposes of such registry, and disposed of in such manner as the county authority may direct.

The county authority shall from time to time make such provisions and give such directions as they may deem expedient for the purpose of securing the deposit and safe custody of the said registers, books, indexes, and other documents and instruments in the new registry offices, and for the providing for the making of searches therein, and of copies thereof, and for all other matters relating thereto, and the like fees shall be taken and paid in respect of such searches and copies as in the case of other copies and searches to be made in the said offices under this Act.

45. All copies to be made after the commencement of this Act of enrolments of bargains and sales enrolled in the existing registries, and of the entries or enrolments of deeds, wills, writings, or conveyances registered at full length in the existing registry for the north riding shall be signed by the registrar and sealed with the seal of the office, and copies so signed and sealed shall be as good evidence as copies of such enrolments and entries would have been under and by virtue of any of the Registry Acts if signed and attested in manner by the said Acts respectively required.

Miscellaneous.

46. If any registrar or other person employed in the register office is party or privy to any act of fraud or collusion in relation to the registration of any assurance, will, or other instrument under this Act, or the making of any enrolment or entry, or the giving of any certificate or copy, or the making of any search, or the taking of any ^extract or copy under this Act, or any rules made thereunder, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall upon conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment with or without hard labour for any period not exceeding two years

Books, &c. connected with old registries.

Copies of old registers.

Frauds by registrar^ &c.

154

Ch. 54.

Falsely swearing under this Act to be punished as perjury.

Swearing of affidavits.

Actions for neglect, &c. to be brought against registrar.

Protection of local authority and the officers from personal liability.

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

47. If any person making any affidavit under this Act shall therein wilfully swear falsely, such person shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

48. Any affidavit to be registered under this Act may be sworn before any person authorised to administer oaths in Her Majesty's High Court of Justice or in the Court of Chancery of the county palatine of Lancaster, or in the case of a person who is out of the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland before a magistrate or justice of the peace or other person qualified to administer oaths in the country where he resides (he being certified to be a magistrate or justice of the peace or qualified as aforesaid by a British Minister or British Consul or by a notary public).

49. When and so soon as the right of appointment of the registrar under this Act is vested in and has been exercised by the county authority, the following provisions shall have effect:

(a.) Every action which may be brought by any person to recover damages for or by reason of any loss or damage occasioned by any neglect, omission, mistake, or misfeasance of the registrar or any person employed in the register office in connexion with the business of such office shall be brought against the registrar as the nominal defendant by his name of office, and no such action shall abate by reason of the death or removal from office of any such registrar:

(b.) A writ or process shall not be sued out against or served on the registrar for anything done or intended to be done or omitted to be done under the provisions of this Act until the expiration of one month after notice in writing has been served on such registrar, clearly stating the cause of action and the name and place of abode of the intended plaintiff and of his solicitor or agent in the cause:

(c.) The registrar, with the consent of the county authority, may enter into and conclude a compromise with any body or person claiming a right of action against him under this section, or may agree with such body or person that any question relating to such right of action should be referred to arbitration:

(d.) All damages, costs, and expenses payable by the registrar in respect of any such action, compromise, or arbitration as in this section above mentioned shall be paid by him out of moneys to be provided by the County authority, and the county authority shall provide all moneys which may be necessary in that behalf.

50. No matter or thing done and no contract entered into by any county authority, and no matter or thing done by any member of any such authority, or by any officer of such authority or other person whomsoever appointed by and acting under the direction of such authority, shall, if the matter or thing were done or the contract were entered into bon& fide for the purpose of executing this Act, subject them or any of them personally to any action, liability, claim, or demand whatsoever, and any expense incurred by any such county authority, member, officer, or other person acting as last aforesaid shall be paid by the county authority:

Provided that nothing in this section shall exempt any member of any county authority from liability to be surcharged with the

1884.

Ch. 54.

155

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

amount of any payment which may be disallowed by the auditor in the accounts of such authority, and which such member authorised or joined in authorising.

51. From and after the commencement of this Act the Acts Repeal. specified in the First Schedule to this Act shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

Anything duly done or suffered; or Any right, privilege, priority, or preference acquired; or Any liability, disqualification, disability, fine, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred under any enactment so repealed prior to the commencement of this Act, and any proceeding and remedy for the ascertainment, enforcement, or recovery thereof may be instituted, prosecuted, and had as though this Act had not passed.

The SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE. Sections 8, 51.

Session and

Chapter.

2 & 3 Anne, c. 4.

1

6 Anne, c. 20. - 2

6 Anne, c. 62. - 3

8 Geo. H. c. 6.

4

Title.

An Act for the publick registring of all deeds, conveyances, and wills that shall be made of any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the west riding of the county of York after the nine-and-twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and tour.

An Act for inrollments of bargains and sales within 5 Anne, c. 18. the west riding of the county of York in the inRuffhead. register office there lately provided, and for making the said register more effectual.

An Act for the publick registring of all deeds, con- c. 35. in Boff-veyances, wills, and other incumbrances that head, shall be made of or that may affect any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the east riding of the county of York or the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull after the nine-and-twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eight, and for the rendring the register in the west riding more complete.

An Act for the publick registring of all deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances that shall be made of or that may affect any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the north riding of the county of York after the nine-and-twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 38.

For entering or registering a memorial, certificate, deed, or other document, where the same does not exceed two folios (of 100 words each) in length - One shilling.

The like, where the said memorial, certificate, deed, or other document exceeds two folios (of 100 words each) in length - - Sixpence per folio.

156

47 & 48 Vict.

Ch. 54, 55. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

For every certificate or copy of any memorial, deed, or

other document given or filed pursuant to this Act - The like fee3. For every search (not being an official search) - One shilling. For every official search —

For each period of five years ... Sixpence.

[Short title.]

Royal order as to soldiers pensions and to pay and pensions of the Yeomanry.

Punishment for obtaining pay or pensions by fraudulent means.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to make further provision with regard to the Pensions of Soldiers, and to the Pay and Pensions of the Yeomanry, and for other purposes.

[14th Augustl884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Pensions and Yeomanry Pay Act, 1884.

2. — (1.) On and after the commencement of this Act it shall be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time to make, and when made to revoke and vary, orders relating to pensions of soldiers, and to the pay and pensions of the Yeomanry, including the commutation of pensions, the restoration of forfeited pensions, and the award and payment of both such pay and pensions as aforesaid.

(2.) Every order so made shall forthwith after it is made be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and shall notwithstanding anything in any other Act have effect as if enacted in this Act; and if any question of doubt arises as to the construction of any Act or royal order relating to such pensions recourse shall be had to the advice of a Secretary of State, whose decision thereon shall be binding.

(3.) A Secretary of State may from time to time make such regulations as appear to him to be required for the purpose of carrying into effect any order made in pursuance of this section.

(4.) Nothing in any order made in pursuance of this section shall take away or diminish, without his consent, any right of a soldier to receive such pension as was fixed by any order applying to such soldier and in force at the time of his enlistment and for the payment whereof money shall have been voted by Parliament.

3. — (1.) If any person by means of any false certificate, false representation, false document, false statement, or other fraudulent means, obtains, or attempts to obtain, for himself or any other person, the grant, increase, or payment of any pay or pension payable, or any privilege or advantage obtainable in pursuance of any warrant, order, or regulation of Her Majesty or a Secretary of State, whether made in pursuance of this Act or otherwise, he shall, on conviction on indictment, be liable to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years, and on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction be liable to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds.

1884. Pensions and Yeoma/nry Pay Act, 1884. Ch. 55. 157

(2.) Section one hundred and forty-two of the Army Act, 1881, & 45 Vict,

shall apply in like manner as if any order or regulation made in c- 58* pursuance of this Act were regulations within the meaning of that section.

(3.) Any offence under this section, when prosecuted before a court of summary jurisdiction, may be prosecuted, and the fine recoverable on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction may be recovered, in manner provided by sections one hundred and sixty-six, one hundred and sixty-seven, and one hundred and sixty-eight of the Army Act, 1881, in like manner as if those sections were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act, and for all purposes in relation to the arrest, trial, and punishment of a person for any offence under this section, this Act shall apply to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register the same.

4. — (1.) Where a person who is serving or has served as an officer, Distribution of soldier, or otherwise, in or with any of Her Majesty's military

forces, or who has received remuneration out of money provided by hundred Parliament for army services, or who is the widow or relative of any pounds with-such person, dies, and any part of the personal estate of such °"^t^umng: deceased person not exceeding in value one hundred poundsp (whether arising from pay, pension, allowances, surplus property, prize money, or otherwise howsoever), is held by or under the control of a Secretary of State, then if any general or special regulations of a Secretary of State so provide, and subject to such regulations, probate, or other proof of the title of the personal representative of such deceased person may be dispensed with, and such personal estate may be paid, delivered, or distributed to or among the persons appearing in manner provided by the said regulations to be beneficially entitled to the personal estate of such deceased person, or to or among any one or more of such persons, or, in case of any illegitimacy of the deceased person or his children, to or among such person or persons as may be directed by the said regulations, and the Secretary of State and person making such payment, delivery, or distribution, shall be discharged from all liability in respect of the personal estate paid, delivered, or distributed in accordance with the said regulations.

5. Every order, receipt, affidavit, and document used in pursuance Exemption of any warrant, order, or regulation of Her Majesty or a Secretary *m 8tamP of State, whether made in pursuance of this Act or otherwise, in du y' relation to the payment of any pension in respect of military service, including service in any of the auxiliary forces, shall, unless otherwise provided by such warrant, order, or regulation, or by the regulations, general or special, of a Secretary of State, be exempt

from stamp duty.

6. Whereas doubts have arisen with respect to the recovery and Recovery of *

application of certain sums, penalties, and forfeitures under the jj^illd^uns* Yeomanry Act, 1804, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: 0fmoney18 Be it therefore enacted as follows: under

(1.) Any order for determining any appeal or for directing the ^Jf0, 8* payment of any money in pursuance of section forty-six or of

158

42 & 43 Vict. *!. 49. s. 50.

44 & 45 Vict, c. 43. s. 1.

Definitions.

Repeal.

[Commencement of Act.]

Ch. 55. Pensions and Yeomanry Pay , 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

section fifty-one of the Yeomanry Act, 1804, or for any other purpose mentioned in either of those sections may be made by a court of summary jurisdiction, 'and enforced in accordance with the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

(2.) A person guilty of an offence mentioned in section forty-four, forty-five, or fifty-two, of the Yeomanry Act, 1804, shall, on summary conviction for such offence, be liable to a penalty not exceeding the penalty and forfeiture mentioned in those sections.

(3.) All sums adjudged to be paid by any order or conviction mentioned in this section, if adjudged on the prosecution of the commanding officer of a corps of yeomanry, shall be paid to the commanding officer, and by him carried to the contingent and clothing account of the corps, or to such other account on behalf of the corps as a Secretary of State from time to time directs.

(4.) For the purpose of this section the expression "Summary Jurisdiction Acts " means, as regards England, the Summary Jurisdiction (English) Acts; and as regards Scotland, means the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881, and the expression "court of summary jurisdiction " has the same meaning as " the court of summary jurisdiction " and " the court " in those Acts.

(5.) The Act of the session of the forty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled " An Act for consolidating " and amending the provisions of the several Acts relating " to corps of yeomanry or volunteers in Great Britain and to w make further regulations relating thereto, " is in this Act referred to and may be cited as the Yeomanry Act, 1804.

7. In this Act —

The expression "Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's principal Secretaries of State; and

The expression "pension " includes any allowance in the nature of a pension; and

The expression "soldier " includes a discharged soldier. 8 9

8. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act (which Acts relate to the yeomanry and to the payment of pensions under the direction of a Secretary of State) shall be repealed, on and after the commencement of this Act, to the extent mentioned in the third column of the said Schedule.

Provided that the repeal enacted by this Act shall not affect anything done or suffered, or any rights or liabilities acquired or accrued, before the commencement of this Act or of any such order, nor revive any power or right not existing at the commencement of this Act.

9. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act: Provided that any orders may before the said date be made in pursuance of this Act, and shall come into effect upon the said commencement.

1884. Pensions and Yeomanry Pay Act, 1884. Ch. 55, 150

SCHEDULE.

Note. — A description or citation of a portion of an Act in this Schedule is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first and last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning and as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter.

i

Title.

Extent of Repeal.

44 Geo. 3. c. 54.

- An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain and to make further regulations relating thereto.

53 Geo. 3. c. 51. - An Act to relieve the widows of military officers from the payment of stamp duties on the receipt of their pensions in Ireland.

7 Geo. 4. c. 58. - An Act to amend the laws

i relating to Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry and Volunteers in Great Britain.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 15. - An Act for further regulating the payment of the | out-pensioners of Green-

I wich and Chelsea Hospi-

tals.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 90. - 1 An Act to empower certain j public Departments to pay

otherwise than to executors or administrators 1 small sums due on account of pension or allowances to persons deceased.

So much of section thirty-three as relates to the application of any sums of money.

Section thirty-six.

Section thirty-seven, from " be entitled to and " to " Corps, and"

Section thirty-eight.

Section thirty-nine, from " and the sum " to the end of that section.

Section forty.

Section forty-four from " and if such man shall not " to the end of the section.

Section forty-five from " and if such offender shall not " to the end of the section.

Sections forty-eight and forty-nine.

Section fifty-one, from "as a penalty or forfeiture " to the end of the section.

Section fifty-two, from "to be levied by distress and sale " to the end of the section.

The whole Act.

Section four.

The whole Act so far as it relates to Chelsea out-pensioners.

Section two.

160

Ch. 56, 57.

Chartered Companies Act, 1884. 47 & 48 VICT.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to declare the Law relating to the Incorporation of Chartered Companies.

[14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the first year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-three, entitled "An Act for " better enabling Her Majesty to confer certain powers and im-" inunities on trading and other companies, " it was enacted that it should be lawful for Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, in any charter of incorporation to be thereafter granted to limit the duration thereof for any term or number of years, or for any other period whatsoever:

And whereas provision has in many charters of incorporation been made for the cessation of the privileges conferred by such charters after a limited time:

And whereas with a view of preventing the cessation of such privileges, supplemental charters and warrants and documents under the sign manual of Her Majesty have from time to time been granted, continuing for a further limited time the privileges granted by the said charters, or some of such privileges, and it is expedient to remove doubts with respect to such charters, warrants, and other documents:

Be it declared and enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The enactment contained in the twenty-ninth section of the rene^Tterms of sa*d ^e first year of Her Majesty, chapter seventy-three,

charters. shall be construed as from the date thereof to have authorised and to authorise Her Majesty, by charter or by warrant or other writing under her sign-manual, from time to time, and whensoever to Her Majesty may have seemed or seem expedient, to extend or renew conditionally or unconditionally any term or number of years- or — -other period: fui which &tiy charter of incorporation granted by Her Majesty, or any privileges of such charter may for the time being be limited to endure.

Power of Her

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to extend certain Powers given by the Superannuation Act Amendment Act, 1873.

[14th August 1884.]

22 Vict. c. 26.

WHEREAS by the Superannuation Act, 1859, it is enacted that for the purposes of that Act no person thereafter to be appointed shall be deemed to have served in the Permanent Civil Service of the State unless such person holds his appointment directly from the Crown, or has been admitted into the Civil Service with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners:

And whereas it appears that in several public departments of the State persons have been appointed since the passing of the said Act to established situations in the Civil Service not held directly from

.1884.

161

Supcmnnuation 1884. Ch. 57.

the Crown, but that through inadvertence on the part of the heads of such departments, and without any default on the part of the persons so appointed, no steps were taken before their appointment to procure for them certificates from the Civil Service Commissioners: And whereas with a view of relieving such persons from loss of the superannuation allowance or gratuities which they were led to expect when they entered the Civil Service, provision was made by the Superannuation Act Amendment Act, 1873, enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, on applications by the heads of such departments, by order or warrant, to place such persons in the same position as regards their claim to a superannuation allowance or gratuity as they would have been in if they had been admitted into the Civil Service with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners:

And whereas a further provision to the like effect was made by the Superannuation (Post Office and War Office) Act, 1876, and the Superannuation Act, 1881:

And whereas the orders or warrants under the said Acts were required to be made before the terms therein mentioned which have now passed:

And whereas notwithstanding that most of the said persons have been relieved by orders or warrants made under the said Acts, some of them still remain for whom, owing to the failure of the heads of departments to make application within the time limited by the said Acts, or owing to other causes beyond their own control, relief has not been provided:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Superannuation Act, 1884.

2. (1.) The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time on application being made to them by the head of any public department of the State, declare by grder_or warrant that a person who has been appointed after the date of the Superannuation Act, 1859, and before the passing of this Act, to a situation in such department entitling persons appointed thereto with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners to superannuation allowance was appointed thereto without such a certificate through inadvertence on the part of the head of such department, and without any default on the part of the person so appointed, and every person with respect to whom such order or warrant is issued shall be in the same position as regards his claim to allowances under the Superannuation Act, 1859, as he would have been in if he had been appointed with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners.

(2.) Every order or warrant made in pursuance of this Act shall be laid before Parliament in manner provided by the thirteenth section of the said Superannuation Act, 1859.

3. Where the regulations respecting an office which entitles or would, if he had continued to hold it, have entitled the holder to Teceive an allowance under the Superannuation Act, 1859, provide that a person appointed to such office must have held a professional

36 & 37 Vict. c. 23.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 68.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 48.

[Short title.]

Power to Treasury to mi}ke order ‘relieving person for want of certificate under

22 Vict. c. 26.

Provision for addition of years to service in certain cases.

162

Ch. 57, 58. Superannuation Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

or other peculiar qualification for the number of years specified in the regulations, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may, if they think fit, in computing the amount of superannuation allowance to be granted under the Superannuation Act, 1859, to a person who holds or has at any time held such office, add the number of years so specified to the number of years that such person has actually served, provided that the minute adding that number of years shall be laid before Parliament.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act for amending the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879.

[14th August 1884]

42 & 43 Vict. WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Prosecution of Offences c*22* Act, 1879 (in tins Act referred to as the principal Act):

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title of L This Act may be cited as the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1884, Act. and this Act and the principal Act may be together cited as the

Prosecution of Offences Acts, 1879 and 1884.

Solicitor of the 2. On and after the passing of this Act, all appointments made in

Treasury to be pursuance of the principal Act are revoked, and the person for the PbbUcProse- ^me holding the office of Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's cutions. Treasury shall be Director of Public Prosecutions, and perform the duties and have the powers of such Director.

39 & 40 Vict. Section three of the Treasury Solicitor Act, 1876, shall extend to c-18* authorise any assistant solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty’s

Treasury to act on behalf of the said solicitor in his capacity of Director of Public Prosecutions.

Returns as to crimes by-chief officer of police.

Definitions of " police district" and u chief officer of police."

3. The chief officer of every police district in England shall, from time to time, give to the Director of Public Prosecutions information with respect to indictable offences alleged to have been committed within the district of such chief officer, and to the dealing with those offences, and the said information shall contain such particulars and be in such form as may be for the time being required by regulations under the principal Act.

4. The expression "police district" means —

(1.) The city of London and the liberties thereof; and (2.) The metropolitan police district; and

(3.) Any county or riding, parts, division, or liberty of a county or borough, town, or place maintaining a separate police force: The expression "chief officer of police" means —

(1.) In the city of London the commissioner of police of the city and

(2.) In the metropolitan police district the commissioner or any assistant commissioner of the police of the metropolis or any district superintendent of the metropolitan police force; and (3.) Elsewhere the chief constable, or head constable, or other officer, by whatever name called, having the chief command of the police in a police district as defined by this Act.

163

18S4. Prosecution of Offences Act, 1884. Ch. 58, 59.

5. There shall be repealed the first paragraph of section two of Repeal of part the principal Act, beginning with the words "a Secretary of State, " ^PrmciPal and ending with the word "fix, " also sections three and four of the principal Act.

v w wv v/ \s

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L On receiving a certificate from a medical officer of health of the union that a case of the infectious disease known as spasmodic or Asiatic cholera has occurred within the sanitary district, it shall be lawful for the authorities of that sanitary district, having first obtained the authority in writing of the Local Government Board, and given such notice as is specified in this Act, to take possession for a temporary hospital of any site, except as herein-after mentioned, within that sanitary district and specified in such authority.

2. It shall be sufficient notice to the owner or the occupier, or other persons affected, if a notice has been posted on the walls of the union workhouse, at such place on which notices are usually placed, and of the church or chapel and police station nearest to the site within the sanitary district, that it is intended to take possession of such site, on a day specified in such notice, not being less than five days from the posting of such notice, and if an affidavit is made that the occupier, if dwelling within the sanitary district, has been served with a copy of such notice, or that a reasonable effort has been made to serve him, or, if living without the sanitary district, that a registered letter has been forwarded to his last known address.

3. No site shall be thus taken which is within three hundred yards of a dwelling-house, or which has any building or offices thereon, or which is enclosed or used as a garden, pleasure or recreation ground, or which forms part of any park or of any enclosed demesne lands, without the consent of the occupier of such house or lands, or which shall be within three hundred yards of any church, chapel, schoolhouse, factory, workshop, or other building where any trade or mercantile operation is being carried on.

4. The owner or occupier shall be entitled to such rent and compensation for damage as the Local Government Board may award, and such rent and compensation shall be paid by the sanitary authority of the district within one month after such award is made.

5. Not more than two statuto acres shall be taken for any site; and within two months after it shall have been certified to the sanitary authority by the medical officer of the district that cholera has ceased to exist within the sanitary district, and that there is no longer any occasion for such temporary hospital, the sanitary

Sanitary authority may take possession of site.

Notice to occupier.

Site not to be within three hundred yards of dwelling-house.

Compensation to occupier.

Limit of land to be taken.

1G4

Penalties.

Duration of powers of local authorities.

[Short title.]

Definition of sanitary district.

Extent of Act.

40 & 47 Vict. c. 35.

Ctf. 59, 60. Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Yicx.

authority shall remove the same and all foundations, debris, and other materials, and restore the surface of the ground to the same stale in which it was found by them on taking possession, and they shall deliver up the possession to the person in whose occupation it was immediately prior to their taking possession thereof.

6. Any person molesting or obstructing the officers of or persons deputed by the sanitary authority when carrying out the provisions of this Act, shall be liable on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction, composed of not less than two justices or one stipendiary magistrate, to a fine not exceeding five pounds or to a term of imprisonment not exceeding two months.

7. The powers conferred upon sanitary authorities by this Act shall not be exercised after the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

8. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1884.

9. In any case in which the sanitary authorities of any maritime union have been directed by order of the Local Government Board to exercise jurisdiction for the prevention or suppression of cholera over any port which includes portions of any other union or unions, then the words "sanitary district’' in this Act shall be construed to include such portions of the lands comprised within the limits of the said port as lie within one mile of high-water mark.

10. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to enable the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylums District to borrow for certain purposes of the Diseases Prevention (Metropolis) Act, 1883.

[14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by section six of the Diseases Prevention (Metro-V V polis) Act, 1883, it is made the duty of the managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District, and they are thereby required, to provide certain wharves or landing places with convenient approaches thereto for the embarkation and landing of persons removed to or from any hospital ship or hospital belonging to the said managers, and for any other purpose in relation thereto:

And whereas doubts have arisen as to the powers of the said managers to borrow for the purpose of providing wharves or landing places and approaches, and also of providing vessels for use in connexion with the said wharves or landing places and the asylums and hospital ships of the said managers, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Asylum Board (Borrowing Powers) Act, 1884.

1884. MetropolitanA&ylum Board (Borrowing Powers) Ch. 60, 61. 165

2. The provision by the said managers of wharves or landing places and approaches thereto, and the provision and erection of piers, floating dummies, and other necessary and proper erections, adjuncts, or conveniences in connexion with the said wharves or landing places which have been or at any time hereafter may be provided or erected, and the provision of vessels or boats for use in connexion with the said wharves or landing places and the asylums and hospital ships of the said managers which have been or at any time hereafter may be provided shall be deemed to have been and to be and shall be purposes for which the said managers have been and are authorised to borrow in pursuance of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, and any Acts altering or amending 30 Vict. c. 6. the same.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts; and for other purposes.

[14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further provision concerning the Supreme Court of Judicature, and the officers thereof, aojd such other matters as are herein-after mentioned:

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1884; and this Act, together with the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts, 1873 to 1879, and the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1881, may be cited as the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts, 1873 to 1884.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the twenty-fourth day of Commenee-October one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, which day is ment of Act' in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act

3. The President for the time being of the Probate Divorce and Precedence of Admiralty Division of the High Court of Justice shall have rank ^bate^&c and precedence in the Court of Appeal next after all ordinary Division. Judges of that Court appointed before the time at which he shall have become an ex-officio member thereof.

4. A Divisional Court of the Queen’s Bench Division of the Amendment of High Court of Justice may at any time be constituted of more 93* *° '-lct* than two Judges if the President of the said Division, with the concurrence of not less than two other Judges thereof, shall be of opinion that it is expedient so to constitute the same.

5. Upon the request of the Lord Chancellor it shall be lawful Absence, va-for any Judge of any Division of the High Court, who may consent fancies, and so to do, to sit and act for or on behalf of any other Judge of the [fumberof07 High Court absent from illness or any other cause, or in the place Judges, of any Judge whose office has become vacant, or as an additional Judge of any Division for the purpose of hearing any causes or matters which may be assigned to him by the Lord Chancellor, or any applications therein; and while so sitting and acting any such Judge shall have all the power and authority which such other.

166

Power of one Judge to sit for another.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 25. extended to county court judges.

Appeals from referees.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 66.

Judge may order trial by an Official Referee in certain cases.

Causes which may be referred to arbitrator may be referred to Official Referee.

Parties under agreement of reference may refer to Official Referee.

Ch. 61. Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Judge would have had, or which ordinarily belong to a Judge of such Division, as the case may be. Provided that no such additional Judge shall sit and act in any Division, except with the concurrence of the respective Presidents of the Division to which such Judge belongs, and of the Division in which he may have been requested to sit and act as additional Judge; and the assignment to such Judge of any causes or matters, depending in the Division in which he shall so sit and act, shall likewise not be made except with the concurrence of the President of such last-mentioned Division.

6. Any proceeding in any cause or matter assigned to any Judge of the High Court of Justice, may at any time, upon the request and on behalf of such Judge, be heard and disposed of by any other Judge of the same Division, who may be willing to hear and dispose of the same, without any transfer: Provided that, if any party to such proceeding shall object to the same being so heard and disposed of, the same shall not be so heard and disposed of without the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, to be signified by an order in writing under his hand.

7. Judges of county courts shall have every qualification conferred on Her Majesty's Counsel learned in the law by the Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Victoria, chapter twenty-five.

8. The provisions of section forty-five of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, as to certain appeals therein mentioned, shall extend and apply to all appeals brought after the commencement of this Act from any award or certificate of a referee or arbitrator when there has been a compulsory reference to arbitration in any cause or matter in the Queen’s Bench Division of the High Court of Justice.

9. In any cause or matter (other than a criminal proceeding by the Crown) now pending or hereafter commenced before the High Court of Justice or Court of Appeal, in which all parties who are under no disability consent thereto, the Court or a Judge may at any time, on such terms as may be thought proper, order the whole cause or matter to be tried before an Official Referee, who shall have power to direct in what manner the judgment of the Court shall be entered, and to exercise the same discretion as to costs as the Court or Judge could have exercised.

10. In all cases in which the Court or a Judge may, under sections three, six, or twelve of the Common -Law Procedure Act, 1854, direct any matter to be ascertained by a Master or referred to an arbitrator, or to an officer of the Court, or appoint an arbitrator, such Court or Judge may direct such matter to be ascertained by or referred to an Official Referee, who shall in that case perform all such duties and exercise all such powers as would have been performed or could have been exercised by such Master, arbitrator, or officer.

11. Whenever the parties to any deed or instrument in writing, made or executed after the commencement of this Act, or any of them, shall agree that any existing or future difference between them, or any of them, shall be referred to an Official Referee, it shall be the duty of any one of the Official Referees to whom application shall be made for the purpose, subject to any order which may be made by the Court or a Judge for the transfer of the matter to

1884.

Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1884. Ch. 61.

167

any other Official Referee, or otherwise, to hear and determine any difference so agreed to be referred, and every such agreement shall be deemed to be an agreement to refer to arbitration within the meaning of sections eleven and seventeen of the Common Law Procedure Act, 1854.

12. Nothing in this Act shall interfere with any existing pro- Saving as to

visions as to any proceedings before district registrars. tmrT* '

13. The provisions of section sixteen of the Act eighteen and Summary nineteen Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirty-four, snail extend applications to all applications under any Act of Parliament heretofore passed,

or hereafter to be passed, under or by virtue of which the High c j84. s. 16. Court of Justice, or any Judge thereof, is empowered to make orders in respect of trust funds, or any other matters, upon petition presented, or motion made, in a summary way.

/s 14. Where any person neglects or refuses to comply with a Execution of judgment or order directing Trim to execute any conveyance, contract, or other document, or to indorse any Negotiable instrument, court. the court may, on such terms and conditions (if any) as may be Aw/JJA ly// just, order that such conveyance, contract, or other document, shall be executed, or that such negotiable instrument shall be indorsed IqJl

by such person as the Court may nominate for that purpose; and in such case the conveyance, contract, document, or instrument so executed or indorsed shall operate and be for all purposes available as if it had been executed or indorsed by the person originally directed to execute or indorse it.

15. Proceedings in quo warranto shall be deemed to be civil pro- Quo warranto, feedings whether for purposes of appeal or otherwise.

16. Section one of the Act seventeen and eighteen Victoria Amendment of chapter thirty-four entitled," An Act to enable Courts of Law in *7 *8 J ict *

" England, Ireland, and Scotland to issue process to compel the c* *8 *

4t attendance of witnesses out of their jurisdiction, and to give effect " to the service of such process in any part of the United Kingdom, " is hereby amended so as to authorise and empower a Judge of the High Court to make orders as therein mentioned as well when the Court is sitting as at any other time.

17. If it shall appear to the Court or a Judge that any pro- Power to ceeding now pending or hereafter commenced in the High Court of transfer inter-Justice by way of interpleader, in which the amount or value of ceSin^tiT the matter in dispute does not exceed the sum of five hundred County Court, pounds, (being the limit of the equitable jurisdiction given to

County Courts by the County Courts Act, 1865,) may be more 28 & 29 Vict. conveniently tried and determined in a County Court, the Court c- "• or Judge may at any time order the transfer thereof to any County Court, in which an action or proceeding might have been brought by any one or more of the parties to such interpleader against the others or other of them, if there had been a trust to be executed concerning the matter in question; and every such order shall have the same effect as if it had been for the transfer of a suit or proceeding under section eight of the County Courts Act, 1867; and so & 31 Vict, the County Court shall have jurisdiction and authority to proceed c’142* therein, as may be prescribed by any county court rules for the time being in force.

168

Jurisdiction of Inferior Courts in counterclaims.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 66.

Patronage

under

42 & 43 Vict. c. 78.

Civil Service certificates for officers of Supreme Court. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 78.

Circuit officers.

36 & 87 Vict. c. 66.

Ch. 61. Supreiric Court of Judicature Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

18. The jurisdiction of an Inferior Court in cases of counterclaim . under sections eighty-nine and ninety of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, shall not be excluded by reason (1) that any such counterclaim involves matter not within the local jurisdiction of such Inferior Court, but within the jurisdiction of any other Inferior Court in England; or (2) that, where the counterclaim involves more than one cause of action, as to each of which the defendant might have maintained a separate action, each such cause of action being within the jurisdiction of the Court, the aggregate amount of the counterclaim exceeds the jurisdiction of the Court; or (3) that the counterclaim is for an amount of money exceeding the jurisdiction of the Court, provided that the plaintiff does not object in writing, within such time as may be prescribed by any rules, to the Court giving relief exceeding that which the Court would have had jurisdiction to administer prior to the commencement of this Act. In any case where the counterclaim involves matter beyond the jurisdiction of the Court, notwithstanding the provisions of this section, the Court may, on such terms (if any) as the Court may think just, either adjourn the hearing of the case, or stay execution on the judgment, for such time as may be necessary to enable any party to apply to remove the proceedings into the High Court of Justice or to enable the defendant to prosecute in a Court of competent jurisdiction an action for the purpose of establishing his counterclaim; and in default of any such application being made, or action brought, the Court shall, after the expiration of the time limited, have jurisdiction to hear and determine the whole matter in controversy, to the same extent as if all parties had consented thereto.

19. The power and right of filling any vacancy in the office of Master of the Supreme Court, or in any clerkship in the Central Office, by section nine of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879, vested, subject as therein mentioned, in the Lord Chief Justice of England, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, - and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, in rotation and in such order as they by agreement among themselves might determine, shall after the commencement of this Act be vested, subject as in the same Act mentioned, in the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of England, and the Master of the Rolls, in rotation or in such order or manner as they by agreement among themselves may determine.

20. The provisions of section twenty of " The Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879, " with respect to pensions under that Act, shall, as regards appointments made after the commencement of this Act, extend to salaries under that Act.

21. The power of appointment to such offices connected with the circuits of the Judges under Commissions of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, or otherwise, as, before the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, came into operation, were in the appointment of the senior Judge going on any circuit, and also the power of appointment to all subordinate offices, the salaries of which are paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, and which may be held under any such circuit officers as aforesaid who may be appointed after the commencement of this Act, shall henceforth be vested in

1884.

169

Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1884. Ch. 61.

the senior Judge going on such circuit for the Winter and Summer Assizes, respectively: Provided that the power of appointment to any such subordinate offices, which before the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, came into operation were in the appointment of any such circuit officer as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be and be in the appointment of the person holding such circuit office at the time of the commencement of this Act, so long as he shall continue to hold the same office: Provided also that all such offices, whether principal or subordinate, as are in this section mentioned, shall be and remain subject to the provisions in the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, or any other Act contained, as to the abolition, reduction of salary, or alteration of the designation or duties of any such office, and to the provisions of section twenty-one of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1881, in case of any vacancy in any such office; and that nothing in this Act shall take away or 'affect any power of appointment now vested by law in any Judge appointed before the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, came into operation.

22. The offices of the sworn clerks formerly attached to the office of the Chancery Examiners (which has ceased to exist) are hereby abolished, and the Treasury may, on the petition of any person affected by this section, award to him out of moneys provided by Parliament such compensation as, under the circumstances of the case, they think just and reasonable, regard being had to the conditions on which he was appointed to his office and the duration of his service: Provided that any compensation so granted shall be subject to the provisions of the twentieth section of the Act fourth and fifth William the Fourth, chapter twenty-four, and of the eleventh section of the Act twenty-second Victoria, chapter twenty-six.

23. The power to make rules conferred by section seventeen

of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875, and enactments amending the same, shall be deemed to include the power to make rules for regulating the procedure on appeals from inferior Courts to the High Court.----

24. Where by virtue of any Statute or Charter or otherwise powers of making rules and orders for regulating the procedure or practice of or the costs or fees in any Inferior Court of civil jurisdiction are given to or have been exercised by the Judge of any such Court or any other person, either solely or jointly with any other person, and either with or without the concurrence of any Judge of Her Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature or any other person, any rules or orders made after the commencement of this Act by virtue of any such powers as aforesaid shall be subject to the concurrence of the authority for the time being empowered to make rules for the Supreme Court: Provided that the same authority may alter or annul any existing rule or order as to the matters aforesaid in any such court, if after communication with the judge or other person by whom such rule or order was made it shall think fit to do so, subject, where such rule has been made with the concurrence of any judge of the Supreme Court existing at the commencement of this Act, to the consent of such judge.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 68.

Abolition of offices of sworn clerks to examiners in Chancery.

Power to make rules.

Buies for Inferior Courts.

Revenue Act, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict.

170

Ch. 62.

CHAPTER 62,

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue and to the Audit of Public Accounts, and for other purposes connected with the Public Revenue and Expenditure.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Revenue Act, 1884.

Vessels with inward cargo for more than one port may convey certain goods coastwise.

Master or owner to deliver manifest of goods shipped, and in case of steamships certificate of coal to be used on board.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 12.

PART I.

Amendment of Law relating to the Customs.

2. (1.) Notwithstanding any provisions in the Customs Acts to the contrary it shall be lawful, on the arrival from parts beyond the seas of any ship, having on board cargo intended to be delivered at more than one port* in the United Kingdom, to permit such ship to convey goods, not entitled to any drawback or liable to any duties of customs or excise, from any port at which such ship shall partially discharge her cargo to her port or ports of destination in the United Kingdom for delivery there, upon the complete separation of such goods from the inward cargo still on board being effected to the satisfaction of the collector or other proper officer at the port Provided that such conveyance of goods from one port to another shall not constitute the ship a coasting ship within the meaning of the Customs Acts. The lading, unlading, and conveyance of goods under this section shall be subject to such regulations as the Commissioners of Customs may from time to time prescribe, and in case any goods shall be laden, unladen, conveyed, or dealt with contrary to such regulations, the goods shall be forfeited and the master of the ship shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

(2.) Part of section one hundred and forty-two of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, that is to say, the words "and no goods " shall be laden on board any ship to be carried coastwise until all " goods brought in such ship from parts beyond the seas shall have " been unladen " is hereby repealed.

3. (1.) Upon the exportation of any goods for which no bond is required, whether as whole or part cargo, the master or owner of the ship shall, by himself or his agent, within six days after the final clearance thereof, deliver to the proper officer of customs a manifest of all the shipped goods of every kind, setting forth the marks, numbers, and descriptions of the packages, and the names of the consignors thereof, according to the bills of lading relating thereto, and shall make and subscribe a declaration that such manifest contains a true account of all the cargo of the ship.

(2.) Provided that the non-delivery of a manifest as herein-before required shall not be an offence under this section if, with the specification or specifications prescribed by, and duly delivered in accordance with, section eleven of the Customs and Inland Revenue

1884.

171

Revenue Act, 1884. Ch. 62.

Act, 1881. there shall be delivered also to the proper officer of customs a declaration subscribed by the master, or owner, or the agent of the master or owner, of the ship, that there is contained in such specification or specifications a true account of all the shipped goods for which no bond is required, and if upon notice in writing from the proper officer of customs that a full and complete manifest must still be delivered, the same shall be duly furnished within forty-eight hours after such notice shall have been given.

A notice addressed to the master or owner and delivered at the last known place of abode or business of the owner, or his agent, shall be deemed to be a sufficient notice to the master and owner under this section.

(3.) The master or owner of every steamship trading to a foreign port shall, by himself or his agent, within six days after the final clearance of the ship, deliver to the proper officer of customs a certificate of the quantity of coals or fuel shipped for use on the voyage.

(4.) If any of the requirements of this section be not complied with, or if any manifest or certificate delivered shall be incomplete or incorrect, then the master and the owner of the ship and also the agent subscribing the declaration or certificate shall each be liable to forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such offence, and they or any one of them at the election of the Commissioners of Customs may be proceeded against accordingly.

(6.) Section one hundred and eleven of the Customs Consolidation 39 & 40 Vict. Act, 1876, is hereby repealed. c. 36.

4. Articles of foreign plate which in the opinion of the Commis- Exemption of sioners of Customs may be properly described as haQd-chased, inlaid, c^taia oriental bronzed or filigree work of oriental pattern, shall, subject to the p te* payment of the proper duties of customs, be exempted from assay

in the United Kingdom.

5. This part of this Act shall be construed as one with the Customs Construction Consolidation Act, 1876, and Part One of the Revenue Act, 1883. ^c^>art of

PART II.

Amendment of Law relating to the Inland Revenue.

6. (1.) The parishes or places for the time being existing for the p00r Law

purposes of poor law administration in England elsewhere than in parishes in the Metropolis, as defined by the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, p^h^for^ shall, after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and purposes of eighty-five, and in the said Metropolis elsewhere than in the city of income tax and London shall, after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred °use

and eighty-six, be the parishes and places for which the assessments 32 & 83 Vict, of the duties of income tax and of the duties on inhabited houses c* 67•

shall be made, and for which assessors and collectors shall be appointed for the purpose of assessing and collecting the said duties.

(2.) In case any parish or place shall be partly in the jurisdiction of one body of general commissioners and partly in the jurisdiction of another body, or other bodies, of general commissioners, the Board of Inland Revenue shall, by order in writing, determine which of the two or several bodies of general commissioners shall

172;

43 & 44 Vict. c. 19.

Amendment of 43 & 44 Vict. c. 19.

Ch. 62. Revenue Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

have the jurisdiction, and the whole of the parish or place shall be within such jurisdiction accordingly.

(3') If the Board of Inland Revenue shall at any time be of opinion that any parish or place is so large that for the sake of convenience it ought to be divided into districts for which separate assessors and collectors should be appointed, the Board may, with the sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, certify in writing to the general commissioners in whose jurisdiction the parish or place is, that the same shall be divided into the districts specified in the certificate at the time therein mentioned, and at and after that time each of such districts shall be treated as a parish or place for which a separate assessment of the said duties is to be made, and assessors and collectors are to be appointed.

(4.) Any such division may be at any time altered or annulled by the Board, with the sanction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, upon a certificate to that effect sent to the said general commissioners.

(5.) The union or grouping of parishes or places existing in conformity with law for the purposes of taxes or the collection thereof shall, subject to the powers for the dissolution of such union or grouping, continue in force so far as the same can so continue consistently with the provisions of this section, and the powers in relation to the union or grouping of parishes contained in the Taxes Management Act, 1880, shall remain in full force and effect so far as the same are capable of being exercised consistently with such provisions.

7. The Taxes Management Act, 1880, shall be amended as follows: —

(1.) The word " parish " in section ninety means in Scotland county or burgh, and with respect to the duties contained in the certificate mentioned in such section, the same shall in Scotland be recovered under the provisions contained in section ninety-seven.

(2.) No moveable goods and effects belonging to any person in Scotland at the time any of the duties or land tax became in arrear or were payable shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any poinding, sequestration, or diligence whatever, or by any assignation, unless the person proceeding to take the said goods and effects shall pay the duties or land tax so in arrear or payable, provided such duties or land tax shall not be claimed for

- more than one year; and in case the duties or land tax shall be claimed for more than one year then the party proceeding to take the said goods and effects after paying the duties and land tax for one whole year may proceed as he might have done if no duties and land tax had been so claimed. But if the said party refuses to pay the duties and land tax for one year, the duties and land tax so claimed shall be recovered by poinding, distraining, and selling the said moveable goods and effects notwithstanding under warrant obtained in conformity with the provisions contained in section ninety-seven.

(3.) Where an officer of Inland Revenue has been appointed to be an assessor within any county or burgh for the purposes of the Act of the session of the seventeenth and eighteenth years

1884.

Ch. 62.

178

Revenue Act, 1884.

of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-one, no other person shall be appointed to be assessor for the district or division of such officer for the duties to which the Taxes Management Act, 1880, relates, provided that where a person other than the officer of Inland Revenue of a district or division is assessor for or within such district or division at the time of the passing of this Act, he shall be as capable of being re-appointed assessor as if this Act had not been passed.

8. On and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four the Act of the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-three, shall be amended as follows: —

(1.) In section four the term " sea insurance " shall include any insurance of goods, wares, or merchandise, or property of any description whatever, for any transit which includes not only a sea risk, but also any land risk from the commencement of such transit to the place of shipment, or from the place of discharge of the ship to the ultimate destination covered by the insurance, or in warehouse while waiting or being forwarded for shipment, or after discharge and while waiting to be forwarded or being forwarded to the ultimate destination covered by the insurance or any other land risk incidental to the transit insured.

(2.) Section eleven shall be read as if the words "thirty days " were substituted therein for the words "twenty-four hours."

(3.) The provision as to separate and distinct interests in Schedule B. is hereby repealed.

9. A statutory declaration made, either before or after the passing of this Act, under the provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1835, and forming part of an application for a patent in conformity with the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883, shall be deemed to have been and shall be exempt from the stamp duty of two shillings and sixpence charged on a statutory declaration made under the said provisions by the Stamp Act, 1870.

10. Whereas the Stamp Act, 1870, requires every person in any part of the United Kingdom who acts as an attorney, solicitor, proctor, writer to the signet, agent, procurator or notary public to take out annually a duly stamped certificate in manner required by the said Act: Be it enacted as follows: —

Nothing in the Stamp Act, 1870, shall require any such duly stamped certificate as is mentioned in section fifty-nine of that Act to be taken out by a person who is by law authorised to act as solicitor of a public department without admission, or by any assistant or clerk or officer appointed to act under the direction of such solicitor.

11. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any local or private Act of Parliament, the production of a grant of representation from a court in the United Kingdom by probate or letters of administration or confirmation shall be necessary to establish the right to recover or receive any part of the personal estate and effects of any deceased person situated in the United Kingdom. Provided that, where any insurance company is authorised by a local or private Act of Parliament to pay money in

Amendment of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 23.

Exemption from stamp duty of statutory declaration forming part of application for patent.

Amendment of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 97. as respects stamped certificates for solicitors of public departments and their clerks.

Representation in the United Kingdom to constitute the title to assets therein situate.

174

licences for the sale of tobacco in railway carriages.

Payment of sum due to Exchequer from Post Office in respect of expenses for grant of Government annuities.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 45.

Ch. 62. Revenue Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

respect of any policy of life insurance on production of a grant of representation obtained in the empire of India or in any of the colonies, the production of a grant of representation from a court in the United Kingdom shall not be necessary in case the policy was effected before the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four. Nor shall such production be necessary in case the policy was effected on or after the said day if the company shall, before paying such money, have deducted therefrom, and paid to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, the amount which would have been payable for duty in respect of the money if there had been a grant of representation from a court in the United Kingdom.

12. (1.) It shall be lawful for any railway company (including in such term any person or persons who is or are proprietor or proprietors of a railway or of carriages used for the conveyance of passengers upon a railway) to make application to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the grant of a licence or licences for the dealing in and sale of tobacco and snuff by any means personal, mechanical, or otherwise in any railway carriage of which such company are the proprietors.

(2.) Such application shall be made upon a form to be provided by the Commissioners and containing such particulars as they may prescribe.

(3.) The licence shall be granted by the Commissioner upon payment in respect of each carriage of the excise duty of five shillings and threepence and shall expire on the fifth day of July after the date thereof.

(4.) All the enactments relating to the dealing in and sale of tobacco and snuff and excise licences shall be applicable to such carriages and licences, and every carriage in respect of which a licence is granted shall be deemed to be "premises" of a dealer in and seller of tobacco within the meaning of the enactments relating to the dealing in and sale of tobacco or snuff.

(5.) If any railway company shall deal in or sell tobacco or snuff, or suffer tobacco or snuff to be dealt in or sold in any railway carriage without having in force a licence authorising the company so to do, such company shall incur a fine of fifty pounds, and if in any proceedings for the recovery of such fine any question shall arise as to the proprietorship of any railway carriage the proof of proprietorship shall lie upon the defendant.

PART IIL

Miscellaneous.

13. Whereas under the Government Annuities Acts, 1853, and 1864, and under the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1872, applying the first-mentioned Acts, fees are authorised to be charged which are applicable to meet the expenses of granting and managing Government annuities granted under the said Acts:

And whereas in the estimate submitted to the House of Commons for the expenses of granting and managing the said annuities, a note has been inserted to the effect that the amount expended for the said purpose would be repaid to the Exchequer out of fees:

1884. Revenue Act, 1884. Ch. 62, 63.

And whereas the fees so taken have been insufficient to meet the said expenses, and consequently a sum is due from the Post Office to the Exchequer in respect of the said expenses, and it is expedient that the said sum should be written off: Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct to be written off the claim of the Exchequer for any sum due in account from the Post Office in respect of the excess of the expenses of granting and managing Government annuities over and above the fees received in respect of such annuities.

14. Whereas under the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866, the Comptroller and Auditor-General is directed to ascertain whether the payments are supported by vouchers or proofs of payment:

And whereas it is expedient to define the nature of the documents which in certain cases are to constitute vouchers or proofs of payment. Be it therefore enacted as follows:—

Where payment out of money granted by Parliament for army services or navy services is made in respect of pay, wages, pensions, or allowances to persons who are serving or have served Her Majesty's naval or military forces, or are. or have been employed in any of Her Majesty's naval or military establishments, such payments may be made and witnessed in manner for the time being prescribed by regulations approved by the Treasury; and any pay sheet, list, certificate, or document showing any such payment when attested by the persons whose duty it is under the said regulations to make and witness that payment shall be a voucher or proof of payment for the purposes of section twenty-seven of the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866.

Any reference in any enactment, whether past or future, to the Comptroller and Auditor-General shall, unless anything in such enactment is inconsistent therewith, be deemed to refer to the Comptroller-General of the receipt and issue of Her Majesty's Exchequer and Auditor-General of public accounts appointed in- pursuance of the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866.

This section shall be construed as part of the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866.

gratuities, in any of

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867.

[14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty- fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the law in Scotland relative to the resignation, powers, and liabilities of gratuitous trustees, and by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain the Act for the amendment of the law relative to gratuitous trustees in Scotland, and by the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867, certain powers are conferred on gratuitous trustees in Scotland:

175

27 & 28 Vict. c. 43.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 67.

Amendment of 29 & 30 Vict, c. 39. as to what constitutes vouchers in the case of certain payments out of money granted for army and navy services.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 84.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 115.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 97.

176

Ch. 63. -ZYuste (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

[Short title.]

Definition of trust.

Powers of investment.

And it is expedient to amend the said Acts, and to extend the powers thereby conferred:

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Trusts (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884, and the said Acts and this Act may be cited as the Trusts (Scotland) Acts, 1861 to 1884, and shall be read and construed together.

2. In the construction of the said recited Acts and of this Act, — " Trust " shall mean and include any trust constituted by any

deed or other writing, or by private or local Act of Parliament, or by resolution of any corporation or public or ecclesiastical body, and the appointment of any tutor, curator, or judicial factor by deed, decree, or otherwise.

" Trustee " shall include tutor, curator, and judicial factor. "Judicial factor" shall mean any person judicially appointed factor upon a trust estate or upon the estate of a person incapable of managing his own affairs, factor loco tutoris, factor loco absentis, and curator bonis.

The words " East India Stock " shall have the meaning assigned to them by an Act passed in the session holden in the thirtieth and thirty-first years of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty-two.

3. Trustees under any trust may, unless specially prohibited by the constitution or terms of the trust, invest the trust funds —

(a.) In the purchase of —

1. Any of the Government stocks, public funds, or securities of

the United Kingdom:

2. Stock of the Bank of England:

3. Any securities the interest of which is or shall be guaranteed

by Parliament:

4. Debenture stock of railway companies in Great Britain

incorporated by Act of Parliament:

5. Preference, guaranteed, lien, annuity, or rentcharge stock,

the dividend on which is not contingent on the profits of the year, of such railway companies in Great Britain as have paid a dividend on their ordinary stock for ten years immediately preceding the date of investment:

6. Stock or annuities issued by any municipal corporation in Great Britain, which annuities, or the interest or dividend upon which stock are secured upon rates or taxes levied by such municipal corporation under the authority of any Act of Parliament:

7. East India Stock, stocks or other public funds of the govern-

ment of any colony of the United Kingdom approved by the Court of Session, and also bonds or documents of debt of any such government approved as aforesaid, provided . such stocks, bonds, or others are not payable to the bearer:

8. Feu-duties or ground-annuals.

1884.

177

Ti'uste (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884. Ch. 63, 64.

' (6.) In loans —

9. On the security of any of the stocks, funds, or other property aforesaid:

10. On real or heritable security in Great Britain:

11. On debentures or mortgages of railway companies in Great Britain incorporated by Act of Parliament:

12. On bonds, debentures, or mortgages, secured on rates or

taxes levied under the authority of any Act of Parliament, by municipal corporations in Great Britain authorised to borrow money on such security:

13. On Indian railway stock, debentures, bonds, or mortgages

on which the interest is permanently guaranteed by the Indian Government and payable in sterling money in Great Britain.

Provided that the trustees shall not be held to be subject as defendants or respondents to the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity in England or Ireland, either as trustees or personally, in any suit for administration of the trust by reason of their having invested or lent trust funds as aforesaid; and section five of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867, is hereby Repeal, repealed.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to . Criminal Lunatics.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Criminal Lunatics Act, 1884. short titles. The Acts mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act are in this Act referred to and may be cited by the short titles mentioned in the third column of the said Schedule.

2. — (1.) Where a prisoner is certified, in manner provided in this Order for section, to be insane, a Secretary of State may if he thinks fit, by pri-f warrant direct such prisoner to be removed to the asylum named 80ner m cri-in the warrant, and thereupon such prisoner shall be removed to """*1 lunatic, and received in such asylum, and, subject to the provisions of this Act relating to conditional discharge and otherwise, shall be detained therein, or in any other asylum to which he may be transferred in pursuance of this Act, as a criminal lunatic until he ceases to be a criminal lunatic.

(2.) A person shall cease to be a criminal lunatic if he is remitted to prison or absolutely discharged in manner provided by this Act, or if any term of penal servitude or imprisonment to which he may be subject determines.

(3.) Where it appears to any two members of the visiting committee of a prison that a prisoner in such prison, not being under sentence of death, is insane, they shall call to their assistance two legally qualified medical practitioners, and such members and

ira

Remitting of criminal lunatic to prison.

Periodical report of criminal lunatics.

Transfer and discharge (absolute or conditional) of criminal lunatic.

[See

23 & 24 Vict. c. 75. s. 9;

Cs. 64. Criminal Lunatics 1884. 47 & 48 VICT.

practitioners shall examine such prisoner and inquire as to his insanity, and after such examination and inquiry may certify in writing that he is insane.

(4.) In the case of a prisoner under sentence of death, if it appears to a Secretary of State, either by means of a certificate signed by two members of the visiting committee of the prison in which such prisoner is confined, or by any other means, that there is reason to believe such prisoner to be insane, the Secretary of State shall appoint two or more legally qualified medical practitioners, and the said medical practitioners shall forthwith examine such prisoner and inquire as to his insanity, and after such examination and inquiry such practitioners shall make a report in writing to the Secretary of State as to the sanity of the prisoner, and they, or the majority of them, may certify in writing that he is insane.

(5.) The powers and duties by this section conferred and imposed on any two members of the visiting committee of a prison shall be exercised in the case of a prisoner in any prison within the jurisdiction of the Directors of Convict Prisons by the said directors or one of them, and in the case of a prisoner in any prison within the jurisdiction of the Prison Commissioners may also be exercised by the said commissioners or one of them, and in the case of a prisoner in any prison not within the jurisdiction of such directors or commissioners shall be exercised by two visitors of the prison, or by two justices of the county or place in which such prison is situate.

3. Where it is certified by two legally qualified medical practitioners that a person being a criminal lunatic (not being a person with respect to whom a special verdict has been returned that he was guilty of the act or omission charged against him, but was insane at the time when he committed the act or made the omission) is sane, a Secretary of State, if satisfied that it is proper so to do, may by warrant direct such person to be remitted to prison, to be dealt with according to law.

4. — (1.) The superintendent of an asylum or other place in which any criminal lunatic is detained shall make a report to a Secretary of State at such times (not being less than once a year) and containing such particulars as the Secretary of State may require, of the condition and circumstances of every criminal lunatic in such asylum or place; and the Secretary of State shall, at least once in every three years during which a criminal lunatic is detained in any asylum or other place, take into consideration the condition, history, and circumstances of such lunatic, and determine whether he ought to be discharged or otherwise dealt with.

(2.) Where a criminal lunatic is conditionally discharged in pursuance of this Act, a report of his condition shall be made to a Secretary of State by such person at such times and containing such particulars as may be required by the warrant of discharge.

5. — (1.) A Secretary of State may from time to time by warrant direct the transfer to an asylum of any criminal lunatic detained in any other asylum or in any other place, and such criminal lunatic shall accordingly be received and detained in the asylum to which he is so transferred.

(2.) A Secretary of State by warrant may absolutely discharge any criminal lunatic, and may also discharge any criminal lunatic

Ch. 64.

179

1884. Criminal Lunatics Act, 1884 *

conditionally, that is to say, on such conditions as to the duration 27 &.28 Vict, of such discharge and otherwise as the Secretary of State may g02yic8t*2; 12 think fit. ss. 4, 5.]

(3.) Wherein pursuance of this section a criminal lunatic has been discharged conditionally, if any of the conditions of such discharge appear to a Secretary of State to be broken, or the conditional discharge is revoked, the Secretary of State may by warrant direct him to be taken into custody, and to be conveyed to some asylum named in the warrant; and he may thereupon be taken in like manner as if he had escaped from such asylum, and shall be received and detained therein as if he had been removed thereto in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this Act.

6. Where a person, being a criminal lunatic, is detained in any Duty of asylum or place, and either he is absolutely discharged or the term ^chM-Re^r of penal servitude or imprisonment to which he is subject deter- expiration of mines, it shall be the duty of the superintendent of such asylum sentence.

or place, unless satisfied that the said person is sane, to take all reasonable means for his being placed under the care of some relation or friend, or in some asylum or place for the reception of lunatics.

7. — (1.) "Where a person being a criminal lunatic is detained in Person

an asylum or other place, or being a prisoner in any prison is ceasing to be certified in manner provided by this Act to be insane, but has not tk'and be^8" been directed by the Secretary of State to be removed to an asylum, coming pauper and it is made to appear to any justice of the peace having juris-.lunatic-diction where such asylum or place or prison is situate, or being a member of the visiting committee of such prison, by. notice in writing signed by the superintendent of such asylum or place, or by the governor of such prison, either —

(a.) that such person is about to be absolutely discharged, or (b.) that any term of penal servitude or imprisonment to which such person is subject is about to determine, and that in the opinion of such superintendent or governor such person is insane and unfit to be at large, the said justice shall examine such person and make any inquiry and take any medical or other evidence which he may deem necessary respecting him.

(2.) The said justice, if satisfied on such examination and inquiry that such person is insane and a proper person to be detained under 1 care and treatment, shall make an order for his detention as a lunatic in the asylum or place of confinement for lunatics named in the order; and if within one month after the date of the said, notice such criminal lunatic is absolutely discharged, or such term of penal servitude or imprisonment determines, the said order shall thereupon take effect, and he shall be deemed to be a pauper lunatic.

(3.) An order under this section shall be in such form as may be prescribed by a Secretary of State, and there shall be inserted in every such order, wherever it be possible, the name and address of one or more of the relations of the lunatic.

(4.) At any time before a person for whose detention an order is made under this section is detained in an asylum or place of confinement for lunatics in pursuance thereof such order may be amended or cancelled and a new order made by the justice who

180

Ch. 64. Criminal Lunatics Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Provision as to detention of person becoming pauper lunatic.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 97.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 100.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 97.

made the original order, or, if such justice is unable to act, by any other justice having jurisdiction in the same place.

8. — (1.) Where by virtue of an order made by a justice under this Act a person becomes a pauper lunatic, such person shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be prim& facie chargeable to the union or parish in the United Kingdom in which it appears to the justice making the order that the ordinary residence of such person was situate at the time when the offence in respect of which he became a criminal lunatic was alleged to have been committed, and, if such residence is not shown to the satisfaction of the said justice, then to such union or parish in the United Kingdom as follows, namely, —

(a.) To that in which it appeals to the said justice that the said offence was alleged to have been committed; or,

(b.) If it appears that the offence was alleged to have been committed out of the United Kingdom, to that in which it appears to the said justice that such person was first apprehended for such offence; or,

(c.) If such person appears to have been so apprehended out of the United Kingdom, to that in which it appears to the said justice that such person first landed in the United Kingdom: Provided that, if such person appears to the justice making the order to have been a man in the naval or military service of Her Majesty or to have been the wife or infant child of a man in such naval, or military service, at the time when the offence was alleged to have been committed, such person shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be prima facie chargeable to the union or parish in the United Kingdom to which the man in such naval or military service appears to the said justice from the statements in the declaration made on his entry into the naval service of Her Majesty, or in his attestation paper on enlistment, or from other available information, to be by law chargeable for the purposes of the Acts relating to the relief of the poor.

(2.) Subject as herein-after mentioned, an order made by a justice under this Act for the detention of a person as a lunatic shall, on such person becoming a pauper lunatic, have the same effect as an order of a justice, and medical certificate, made in pursuance of section sixty-eight of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, in the case of a lunatic found wandering at large in the union or parish to which such person is prima facie chargeable, and all the provisions of the Lunacy Act, 1845, and of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and of any Acts amending those Acts or either of them shall apply accordingly in like manner as if such person had been sent from that union or parish:

And such person on becoming a pauper lunatic, if detained in an asylum or place of confinement to which lunatics may be sent in pursuance of the said Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, shall be deemed to have been received therein in pursuance of the said order of detention, and if detained elsewhere shall be removed by a person named in the order, or any constable, to the asylum or place of confinement for lunatics named in the order, being one to which a justice can send a lunatic found wandering at large in the aforesaid union or parish:

1884.

Criminal Lunatics Act, 1884. Ch. 64.

181

Provided that if such pauper lunatic is certified by a legally qualified medical practitioner to be unfit for removal to such last-mentioned asylum or place of confinement, he may either be removed to and detained in any nearer asylum or place of confinement for lunatics willing to receive him, or maybe detained in any asylum or place in which a criminal lunatic may be detained, but in either case he shall be deemed to have been sent to the asylum or place of confinement in which he is so detained, in pursuance of section sixty-eight of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and the expenses incurred in relation to such lunatic shall be defrayed, and the lunatic, when fit to be removed, may be removed accordingly, and where the lunatic is detained in any asylum or place to which lunatics cannot be sent, in pursuance of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, the provisions of the above-mentioned Acts shall apply as if such asylum or place were an asylum within the meaning of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and the council of supervision or other persons having control thereof were visitors.

(3.) Provided that in any case where the union or parish to which a person will for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be prima facie chargeable is in Scotland or Ireland, the justice making an order under this Act for the detention of such person as a lunatic shall report the same to a Secretary of State, and thereupon a Secretary of State, may, by warrant, direct the removal of such person upon his becoming a pauper lunatic to Scotland or Ireland, as the case may be, and if he is unfit to be removed shall cause the expenses incurred in relation to such person to be paid and they shall be paid by the same persons and out of the same funds as if he had been actually removed.

(4.) Where such person is removed to Scotland, he shall be removed to the general prison at Perth, and may be dealt with in the same manner as if he were a person certified to be insane in pursuance of section twenty-three of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862, and had been committed to a local prison for the place to which he is prim& facie chargeable.

(5.) Where such person is removed to Ireland he shall be removed to the central criminal lunatic asylum established in pursuance of the Central Criminal Lunatic Asylum (Ireland) Act, 1845, and shall be received in the said central criminal lunatic asylum, and may be dealt with in manner provided by section twelve of the Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1875, as if he were a person therein confined whose sentence had expired; but he shall not, by reason only that he is for the purposes of this Act deemed to be prim& facie chargeable to any union or parish, be deemed for the purposes of the said section to belong to the district comprising such union or parish.

9. With respect to the transfer by warrant of a Secretary of State, and the removal by order of a justice under this Act, of a person from an asylum for criminal lunatics appointed by Her Majesty, in pursuance of the Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860, to an asylum within the meaning of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The Secretary of State or justice shall be satisfied either, by a certificate from a legally qualified medical practitioner, that the said person is in such a state of insanity that he can be

25 & 26 Vict. c. 54.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 107.

88 & 89 Vict. c. 67.

Restriction on power of . Secretary of State as regards lunatics not fit for ordinary asylum.

28 & 24 Vict-c. 75.

182

Ch. 64. Criminal Lunatics, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

properly treated in an ordinary asylum, or that the committee of visitors of the asylum to which the said person is proposed to be transferred or removed consents to receive him;

(2.) If the said person becomes a pauper lunatic under this Act, and the consent to receive him of the committee of visitors of the asylum is required, and is not given, he may be removed to and detained in any asylum or place in which lunatics may be detained which is willing to receive him, and the costs of his removal to and maintenance in such asylum or place shall be defrayed by the said committee of visitors;

.(3.) Where the said person has been transferred to any suchasylum as a criminal lunatic, and the committee, of visitors of the asylum satisfy a Secretary of State that the said criminal lunatic is in such a state of insanity that he cannot be properly treated in the said asylum, and request the Secretary of State to transfer him to some other asylum, the Secretary of State shall so transfer him, and the costs of that transfer shall he <. defrayed by the said committee of visitors; o (4.) Where a pauper lunatic under this section is removed to and detained in any asylum or place in consequence of the committee of visitors of an asylum not consenting to receive him, such pauper lunatic shall be deemed to have been sent to and to be detained in the said asylum or place, in pursuance of section 16 & 17 Vict. sixty-eight of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853; c* 97* (5.) Any costs directed by this section to be defrayed by a committee of visitors shall be a simple contract debt of such committee of visitors, and shall be paid as part of the general expenses of the asylum.

Provision as to 10. — (1.) Subject as in this section mentioned, all expenses maintenance of incUTTed under this Act in relation to a criminal lunatic while detained in an asylum, and all expenses of removing a person on his becoming under this Act a pauper lunatic to an asylum or place of confinement for lunatics in any part of the United Kingdom, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and the costs of maintenance of a criminal lunatic in any asylum within the meaning of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, shall be at the same rate as if he was a lunatic sent from a union or parish situate elsewhere than in the county or borough to which the asylum belongs.

(2.) Where a person, being a criminal lunatic, is absolutely discharged before the expiration of any term of penal servitude or imprisonment to which he is subject, or is conditionally discharged in pursuance of this Act, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from time to time contribute, out of moneys provided by Parliament, such sum or sums, on the recommendation of a Secretary of State, as they from time to time think fit towards the costs of the maintenance of such person, until the expiration of the said sentence, or so long as he continues to be subject to any conditions of discharge (as the case may be).

(3.) Section one hundred and four of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, with respect to the application of the property of a lunatic for his maintenance and for the other charges in the said section mentioned, and the other sections of the Lunatic/Asylums Act, 1853, which are ancillary to the said section one hundred and four, shall

criminal

lunatic.

16 & 17 Vict. <5. 97,

1884.

Criminal Lumatics Act 1884. Ch. 64. 183

extend to a criminal lunatic wherever he may be detained* and to his property, in like manner as if the said sections were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable thereto, and any power exerciseable by justices under the said section may, for the purposes of this section, be exercised by two justices of the county or place where such lunatic is detained.

: The Lord Chancellor, or other authority having power to make

orders with respect to the property of a lunatic, under sections

twelve, thirteen, and fourteen of the Lunacy Regulation Act, 1862,

shall, if satisfied by affidavit or otherwise that a person is or has 1

been a criminal lunatic, and continues to be insane and to be in

confinement, have power to make any such order with respect to

the property of such' person, and the application thereof for the

maintenance or benefit of him or his family, or for carrying on his

trade or business, as* may be made in pursuance of the said sections

of the Lunacy Regulation Act, 1862. 25 & 26 Vict.

(4.) When the criminal lunatic was a person removed from India c*86* in pursuance of the Lunatics Removal (India) Act, 1851, all expenses 14 & 15 Vict, attending the removal of any such person from India, and his safe c*81* custody and maintenance, shall continue to be defrayed in the same manner as if this Act had not been passed.

1L — (1.) Sections eleven and twelve of the Criminal Lunatic Recapture of Asylums Act, 1860, shall apply to every asylum or place in which luna"

criminal lunatics are confined so far as regards those lunatics, and punishment to the criminal lunatics in such asylum or place, in all respects as if f<>r rescuing such asylum or place were an asylum for criminal lunatics appointed to

by Her Majesty in pursuance of that Act, and any officer, servant, or other person committing any such offence as is mentioned in the said section twelve shall be liable to be convicted and punished accordingly.

(2.) If a person escapes while being conveyed to an asylum or place in pursuance of this Act he may be re-taken at any time, in like manner as if he had escaped from the said asylum., .

12. A Secretary of State may from time to time make, and when Treatment of. made revoke and vary, regulations for the treatment of persons sen- unbeciles*, tenced to or ordered to be kept in penal servitude or imprisonment

who appear, in accordance with the said regulations, to be from imbecility of mind either unfit for penal discipline or unfit for the same penal discipline as other prisoners.

13. Nothing in this Act shall restrain or affect the authority of

Her Majesty, where. She may so think fit, to make any order with crown to make respect to any person for whose safe custody during Her pleasure orders.

Her Majesty is by law authorised to give order.

14. — (1.) Subject as herein-after provided, this Act shall apply Pr?v!sion as to to any person who at the commencement of this Act is, in pursuance criminal

of the Acts relating to criminal lunatics, detained in an asylum or lunatics, place of confinement for lunatics; provided that any such person detained in pursuance of section six of the Criminal Lunatics Act, 30 & 81 Vict. 1867, shall on the commencement of this Act be deemed to be a c‘ 12‘ person who has become under this Act a pauper lunatic.

(2.) An order under this Act for the detention of any person as a pauper lunatic may be made before the commencement.of this Act, hut shall not take effect until such commencement.

184r Ch. 64. Criminal Lunatics Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Making and execution of warrant of Secretary of State.

Interpretation of terms.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 97.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 75.

Kepea!.

Commencement and extent of Aet.

15. A warrant of a Secretary of State under this Act may be under the hand of a Secretary of State or of an Under Secretary of State, and may he executed by the person to whom it is addressed, or by any constable; and such warrant when it relates to a person not in custody may be executed in like manner as if it were a warrant for the arrest of a person charged with an offence, and it shall be the duty of every constable to aid in the execution of every warrant of a Secretary of State under this Act.

16. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the following words and expressions have the meanings herein-after assigned to them respectively; that is to say,

" Criminal lunatic" means any of the following persons: —

(a) any person for whose safe custody during Her Majesty's pleasure Her Majesty or the Admiralty is authorised to give order; and

(b) any prisoner whom a Secretary of State or the Admiralty has in pursuance of any Act of Parliament directed to be removed to an asylum or other place for the reception of insane persons:

" Prison" means any prison or place of confinement to which a person may be committed whether on remand or for trial, safe custody, or punishment, or otherwise, under any other than civil process; and " prisoner" means any person so committed:

" Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State:

" The Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or any two or more of the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom:

" Superintendent " includes any person in charge of an asylum or other place for the confinement of lunatics

" Asylum" means an asylum within the meaning of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and an asylum for criminal lunatics appointed by Her Majesty in pursuance of the Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860, and includes a hospital registered for the reception of lunatics, but does not include a licensed house; provided that a hospital registered as aforesaid shall not be under any obligation by virtue of this Act to receive any criminal lunatic:

" Costs of maintenance" include, in relation to any lunatic, the cost of the lodging, clothing, medicine, and care of such lunatic; and " expenses incurred under this Act in relation to a criminal lunatic" shall be deemed to include the costs of his maintenance as so defined.

17. The Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, as from the commencement of this Act, to the extent shown in the third column of the said schedule; but this repeal shall not affect any warrant issued, or order made, or thing done in pursuance of any enactment so repealed.

18. This Act shall, save as in this Act otherwise provided, come into operation on the first day of November, one thousand eight

185

1884. Criminal Lunatics Act, 1884. Ch. 64.

hundred and eighty-four, which day is in this Act referred to as " the commencement of this Act."

Save as in this Act otherwise expressly provided, this Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE. Section 1.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 100. -& A 9 Vict. c. 107. - 14 & 15 Vict. c. 81. - 23 & 24 Vict. c. 75. -25 & 26 Vict. c. 54. - An Act for the regulation of the care and treatment of lunatics. An Act for the establishment of a central asylum for insane persons charged with offences in Ireland; and to amend the Act relating to the prevention of offences by insane persons, and the Acts respecting asylums for the insane poor, in Ireland; and for appropriating the lunatic asylum in the city of Cork to the purposes of a district lunatic asylum. An Act to authorise the removal from India of insane persons charged with offences, and to give better effect to inquisitions of lunacy taken in India. An Act to make better provision for the custody and care of criminal lunatics. An Act to make further provision respecting lunacy in Scotland. The Lunacy Act, 1845. The Central Criminal Lunatic Asylum (Ireland) Act, 1845. The Lunatics Removal (India) Act, 1851. The Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860. The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 17.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 54.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 26.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 96.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 75.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 86. -27 & 28 Vict. c. 29.

An Act for making further provision for the confinement and maintenance of insane prisoners.

An Act for regulating the prison at Millbank.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the ninth year of Her Majesty " for the " regulation of the care and treatment " of lunatics."

An Act to make better provision for the custody and care of criminal lunatics.

The Lunacy Regulation Act, 1862 An Act to amend the Act third and fourth Victoria, chapter fifty-four, for making further provision for the confinement and maintenance of insane prisoners.

The whole Act.

Section twenty-one.

Section thirty-eight from and including the words "save as herein-after "provided; " to the end of that section.

Section two, the words "of the Acts hereinbefore mentioned, or " under any other, " and the words "or to " be unfit from imbecility of mind for " penal discipline."

Sections seven, nine, and ten.

Section fifteen.

The whole Act.

m

Ch. 64, 65.

Grvtrwml Lv/natics Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extept of Repeal,

29 & 30 Vict. c. 109. The Naval Discipline Act, 1866 Section eighty, so for tts relates to a person imprisoned in England.

.30 & 31 Vict. c. 12. - The Criminal Lunatics Act, 1867 The whole Act.

32 & 83 Vict. c. 78. - The Criminal Lunatics Act, 1869 The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. - The Army Act, 1881 - In section one hundred and thirty so much of sub-section five as relates to. a person imprisoned in England. Sub-section three, of section two.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 38. - The Trial of Lunatics Act, 1883 -

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to farther amend the New Parishes Acts and the Church Building Acts.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the New Parishes Acts and Church

Building Acts Amendment Act, 1884.

Power to dissolve district formed under New Parishes Acts.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 37.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 94.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 104.

Amendment of New Parishes Acts.

2. — (1.) Where, under the New Parishes Acts, 1843, 1844, and 1856, or any of them, a district has been constituted, but a church has not been provided for or allotted to such district, it shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, if it appears to them expedient, to submit (with the consent of the Bishop of the diocese under his hand) to Her Majesty in Council a scheme for the dissolution of such district, and for the reincorporation of its area or parts or part thereof in the parish or parishes or district or districts, out of which it was constituted, or for the addition of its area or parts or part thereof to some other parish or parishes or district or districts, as to the said Commissioners may appear most expedient.

(2.) If an endowment has been provided for the district so dissolved, any scheme under this section shall provide for its return to and revesting in the body or person who provided the same; and any such - scheme may contain such other incidental or auxiliary provisions as the said Commissioners may deem necessary or proper.

(3.) The draft of any scheme made under this section must be delivered or transmitted to every incumbent or minister and patron affected thereby; and such scheme shall not be submitted to Her Majesty in Council until after the expiration of one month next after such draft shall have been so delivered or transmitted, unless every such incumbent or minister and patron shall in the meantime

387

1884* New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Ch. 65.

Amendment Act, 1884.

consent thereto; and if any person shall at the time of the ratification of such scheme be the incumbent or minister of the _ district proposed to be dissolved, the scheme shall not have any operation unless and until such person shall have consented thereto, or shall have ceased to be such incumbent or minister.

(4.) A map or plan showing every alteration of boundaries proposed to be effected by a scheme under this section shall be annexed to the draft scheme, and a copy of such map or plan settled so as to correspond with the provisions of the scheme as ratified, shall be registered by <the registrar of the diocese, together with any Order of Her Majesty in Council ratifying such scheme, but it shall not be necessary to publish any such map or plan in the London Gazette.

(5.) Subject as aforesaid, the provisions of the said New Parishes Acts relative to the making, publication, and ratification of schemes shall apply to schemes under this section.

3. The powers as to alterations of boundaries contained in the Amendment of first section of the New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts vict

Amendment Act, 1869, shall be applicable and may be exercised in c. 94. the case of any district constituted under the New Parishes Acts,

1843, 1844, and 1856, or any of them, in which no church shall have been provided and consecrated, as well as in the case of a district which shall have become a new parish for ecclesiastical purposes.

Amendment of Church Building Acts.

4. — (1.) Where a church or chapel has been constituted the parish Power to church of a parish in the stead of the ancient parish church under proviab^made the Act passed in the year 1838, "To amend and render more unders. is.of effectual the Church Building Acts, " and provision has been made 1 &* yi.ct-under section eighteen of the same Act for the maintenance of the ministers and clerks of the respective churches, or either of them, application of out of the pew rents of either of such churches, it shall be lawful Pew rente* for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England from time to time

by deed under their common seal, made with the consent of the Bishop of the diocese, and of every patron and minister affected thereby, to revoke in whole or part or in any way to alter as they may see fit the deed or other instrument making such provision.

(2.) A consent under this section must be testified by writing under the hand of the person giving the same, and attested by at least one witness.

(3.) Any deed or other instrument making such provision as aforesaid, which is expressed to be revoked or altered by a deed duly made in compliance with this section, shah to the extent of such revocation or alteration cease to be in force and become of no effect.

5. The Acts specified in the Schedule to this Act may together Short titles of with this Act be collectively cited as the Church Building Acts, Ju25^ulld" 1818 to 1884; and each of the said Acts may be cited by the short

title in the third column of that schedule *

188 Ch. 65. New Parishes Acts cvnd Church Building Acts 47 & 48 VICT.

Amendment Act} 1884.

SCHEDULE.

Church Building Acts.

Session and Chapter.

Long Title.

[Short Title.]

58 Geo. 3. c. 45.

[1818.]

59 Geo. 3. c. 184.

[1819.]

3 Geo. 4. c. 72.

[1822.]

5 Geo. 4. c. 103.

[1824.]

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72. -[1827.]

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 38.-ri831.]

An Act for building and promoting the build* ing of additional churches in populous parishes.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes.

An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts passed in the fifty-eighth and fifty-ninth years of His late Majesty, for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes.

An Act to make further provision, and to amend and render more effectual, three Acts passed in the fifty-eighth and fifty-ninth years of His late Majesty, and in the third year of His present Majesty, for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes.

An Act to amend the Acts for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of His late Majesty, intituled "An Act to amend the Acts " for building and promoting the building " of additional churches in populous

<<, •0iw.

The Church Building Act, 1818.

The Church Building Act, 1819.

The Church Building Act, 1822.

The Church Building Act, 1824.

The Church Building Act, 1827.

The Church Building Act, 1831.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 61. -[1832.]

1 & 2 Vict. c. 107.

[1838.]

2 & 3 Vict. c. 49.

[1839.]

3 & 4 Vict. c. 60.

[1840.]

7 & 8 Vict. c. 56.

[1844.]

An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the fifty-ninth year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act to amend and render more " effectual an Act passed in the last session " of Parliament, for building and promoting " the building of additional churches in " populous parishes/ ’

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Church Building Acts.

An Act to make better provision for the assignment of ecclesiastical districts to churches or chapels augmented by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and for other purposes.

An Act to further amend the Church Building Acts.

An Act concerning banns and marriages in certain district churches or chapels.

The Church Building Act, 1832.

The Church Building Act, 1838.

The Church Building Act, 1839.

The Church Building Act, 1840.

The Church Building (Banns and Marriages) Act, 1844.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 70.

[1845.]

9 & 10 Vict. c. 68.

[1846.]

- An Act for the farther amendment of the

Church Building Acts.

- An Act for better enabling the burial service

to be performed in one chapel where contiguous burial grounds shall nave been provided for two or more parishes or places.

The Church Building Act, 1845.

The Church Building (Burial Service in Chapels) Act, 1846.

189

1884. New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Ch. 65, 66.

Amendment Act, 1884.

Session and Chapter.

Long Title.

[Short Title.]

11 & 12 Vict. c. 37. -[184a]

14 & 15 Vict. c. 97. -[1851.]

17 & 18 Vict. c. 32. -[1854.]

19 & 20 Vict. c. 55. -[1856.]

32 & 33 Vict. c. 94. -[1869.]

An Act to amend the law relative to the assign* ment of ecclesiastical districts.

An Act to amend the Church Building Acts -

An Act to facilitate the apportionment of the rent when parts of lands in lease are taken for the purposes of the Church Building Acts.

An Act for transferring the powers of the Church Building Commissioners to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

An Act to amend the New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts.

The Church Building Act, 1848.

The Church Building Act, 1851.

The Church Building Act, 1854.

The Church Building Commissioners (Transfer of Powers) Act, 1855.

The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1869.

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to provide for the disunion of the Sees of Gloucester and Bristol, and the constitution of a separate Bishopric of Bristol.

[14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by an Order in Council made in pursuance of the Act of the session of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter seventy-seven, intituled " An Act for carrying into effect the reports of the Commissioners " appointed to consider the state of the Established Church in " England and Wales with reference to ecclesiastical duties and " revenues, so far as they relate to episcopal dioceses, revenues, and u patronage, " the sees of Gloucester and Bristol were united:

And whereas it is expedient that the said sees should be disunited and that the bishopric of Bristol should be reconstituted as a separate bishopric with a diocese and cathedral church in accordance with this Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884.

2. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Bishoprics Act, 1878, (in this Act referred to as the principal Act) shall have effect as if the bishopric of Bristol were a new bishopric mentioned in the schedule to the principal Act, and as if the schedule to this Act formed part of the schedule to the principal Act, and as if the principal Act had been passed at the date of the passing of this Act

3. With respect to the constitution of the bishopric of Bristol in pursuance of this Act, the following provisions shall have effect that is to say:

[Short title.]

Application of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 68.

Provisions as to constitution of bishopric of Bristol.

190

Ch. 66.

Section 2.

’ Bishopric of Bristol , 1884. 47 & 48 Yicrr.

(1.) The dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Bristol shall be the dean and chapter of the bishopric of Bristol as constituted in pursuance of this Act, and in the construction of the principal Act shall be deemed to have been founded at the time at which the bishopric of Bristol is founded in pursuance of this Act and the principal Act, and so much of the principal Act as applies to the condition of a bishopric before a dean and chapter is constituted shall not apply to the bishopric of Bristol when founded in pursuance of this Act:

(2.) On the bishopric of Bristol being constituted as aforesaid, the sees of Gloucester and Bristol shall be disunited, and the bishop of the said see of Gloucester shall cease to be and to be called Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, and shall continue to be and shall be called Bishop of Gloucester, and shall cease to possess and exercise within or in relation to any part of the diocese of Bristol as constituted in pursuance of this Act the rights, privileges, and jurisdictions conferred on the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol at the union of the said bishoprics, but save as aforesaid, the said Bishop of Gloucester shall continue to have all such rights, privileges, and jurisdictions as may immediately before the constitution of the said bishopric of Bristol in pursuance of this Act be exerciseable by the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol:

(3.) On the bishopric of Bristol being constituted as aforesaid, the existing episcopal consistory court of Gloucester shall be the court of the Bishop of Gloucester, and the existing episcopal consistory court of Bristol shall be the court of the Bishop of Bristol:

(4.) On all future avoidances of the see of Gloucester, after the constitution of the bishopric of Bristol in pursuance of this Act, the licence for the election of a bishop of Gloucester shall issue to the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Gloucester: (5.) Her Majesty may in the Order in Council constituting the said bishopric of Bristol, or in any other Order in Council, insert such provisions as to Her Majesty may seem requisite for the purpose of effecting the disunion of the sees of Glou* cester and Bristol, and carrying out the intentions of this Act in relation thereto; and the said provisions shall on the said Order in Council taking effect, have the same force as if enacted in this Act.

SCHEDULE.

Bishopric of Bristol.

1. The bishop to be Bishop of Bristol.

2. The diocese to consist of -

(a.) The deanery of Bristol (City Division and Rural Division), and

(ft.) The following three deaneries of North Wilts, that is to say, Malmesbury North, and Malmesbury South, and Cricklade, and

191

1884. i-. Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884. Ch. 66, 6?.

(c.) The following parishes in the county of Somerset, heretofore in the diocese of Bath and Wells; that is to say,

Easton in Gordano with Fill, and Portbury, and Portishead.

3. The cathedral church of Bristol to be the cathedral church.

’ 4. Subject to the rights enjoyed by any person at the passing of this Act, there shall be transferred to the endowment fund of the bishopric of Bristol; such portion of the endowment or income of the bishopric of Gloucester as would if no deduction were made for first-fruits and tenths, yield a net annual sum of fire hundred pounds, but such transfer shall be subject to the payment by the Bishop of Bristol of a proportionate part of the first-fruits and tenths payable by the Bishop of Gloucester.

5. The bishop to be subject to the metropolitan jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Canterbury.

CHAPTER 67.

An Act to prohibit charges for Improvements upon Ecclesiastical Lands otherwise than with the consent of the Patron and Bishop* [14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales (herein-after referred to as " the Commissioners ") are empowered upon application of corporations to sanction the charging of their lands with moneys borrowed for the improvement thereof, and it is provided (section twenty) that when the land to which the application relates, or any part of such land, is held in right of any church, chapel, or other ecclesiastical benefice, the Commissioners shall not sanction any improvement of such land or of so much thereof as is so held unless and until the patron of the benefiee and (in England) the bishop of the diocese shall signify to the Commissioners by writing under their hands their respective consents to such application:

And whereas there are in force certain Acts which have been passed as local and personal Acts, constituting companies with powers to advance moneys for the improvement of lands, under some of which Acts powers exist whereby the incumbents of benefices can charge their lands with moneys borrowed for the improvement thereof without such consent* and it is expedient to extend to all such cases similar provisions to that contained in the said section twenty of the Lands Improvement Act, 1864:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners shall not sanction any improvement of any land held in right of any church, chapel, or other ecclesiastical benefice unless and until the patron of such benefice, and the bishop of the diocese in which such lands are situate, shall signify to the Commissioners by writing under their hands their consent respectively to such application, nor shall any charge upon any such land of money expended, or purporting to be expended, for the improvement thereof, whether under any general or local Act,

27 & 28 Vict. c. 114.

Ecclesiastical lands not to be charged for improvement without consent of patron and bishop.

192

Ch. 67, 68. Improvement of Lands (47 & 48 Vict.

Benefices) Act, 1884.

or any contract or agreement, be valid or effectual, and whether with or without the sanction of the Commissioners, unless and until the patron of the benefice and the bishop of the diocese shall have respectively signified their consent in writing thereto. Provided that nothing herein contained shall invalidate, or prejudicially affect, any charge which may have been validly and effectually made before the passing of this Act.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Improvement of Lands (Ecclesiastical Benefices) Act, 1884.

[Short title.]

Periodical pay-

CHAPTER 68.

An Act to amend the Matrimonial Causes Acts.

[14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law as to the restitution of conjugal rights in England: -

Be itf enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1884. IHMVr 2. From and after the passing of this Act a decree for restitution merits in lieu of of conjugal rights shall not be enforced by attachment, but where attachment. the application is by the wife the Court may, at the time of making such decree, or at any time afterwards, order that in the event of such decree not being complied with within any time in that behalf ^limited by the Court, the respondent shall make' to the petitioner suchperiodical payments as may be just, and such order may be enforced in the same manner as an order for alimony in a suit for judicial separation. The Court may, if it shall think fit, order that the husband shall, to the satisfaction of the Court, secure to the wife such periodical payment, and for that purpose may refer it to any one of the Conveyancing Counsel of the Court to settle and approve of a proper deed or instrument to be executed by all necessary parties.

Settlement 3. Where the application for restitution of conjugal rights is by

yif^ i the husband, if it shall be made to appear to the Court that the 5T is entitled to any property, either in possession or reversion,

ill or I in receipt of any profits of trade or earnings, the Court may, Imn rV be, ft shall think fit, order a settlement to be made to the satisfaction of the Court of such property, or any part thereof, for the benefit of the petitioner and of the children of the marriage, or either or any of them, or may order such part as the Court may think reasonable of such profits of trade or earnings to be periodically paid by the respondent to the petitioner for his own benefit, or to the petitioner or any other person for the benefit of the children of the marriage, or either or any of them.

4. The Court may from time to time vary or modify any order for the periodical payment of money, either oy altering tEe times of payment or by increasing or diminishing the amount, or may tern *

Power to vary orders.

1684.

193

Matrimonial Causes Act, 1884. Ch. 68, 69.

porarily suspend the same as to the whole or any part of the money so ordered to be paid, and again revive the same order wholly or in part, as the Court may think just.

5. If the respondent shall fail to comply with a decree of the Non-com-Court for restitution of conjugal rights suck respondent shall there- prance with upon "be deemed to have been guilty of desertion without reason- to?e desert able cause, and a suit for judicial separation may be forthwith tion. instituted, and a sentence of judicial separation may be pronounced although the period of two years may not have elapsed since the

failure to comply with the decree~for restitution of conjugal rights; and when any husband who has been guilty of desertion bylailure on his part to comply with a decree for restitution of conjugal rights has also been guilty of adultery, the wife may forthwith present a petition for dissolution of her marriage, and the Court may pronounce a decree nisi for the dissolution of the marriage on the grounds of adultery coupled with desertion. Such decree nisi shall not be made absolute until after the expiration of six calendar months from the pronouncing thereof, unless the Court shall fix a shorter time.

6. The Court may, at any time before final decree on any applica- Custody, &c. tion for restitution of conjugal rights, or after final decree if the of children, respondent shall fail to comply therewith, upon application for that purpose, make from time to time all such orders and provisions with respect to the custody, maintenance, and education of the children of the petitioner and respondent as might have been made by interim orders during the pendency Of a trial for judicial separation between the same parties.

7. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Act to apply

to England

______ only.

CHAPTER 69.

An Act to make better provision against Cholera and other dangerous Epidemic Diseases.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Cholera, &c. Protection (Ireland) Short tide. Act* 1884.

2. When under the provisions of any Act the sanitary authority Acquisition of in Ireland is empowered to acquire a site for a cholera or other 8i.^j/or hos" hospital within its district, it may, with the sanction of the Local pl Government Board, exercise such power for the acquisition of a site for such purpose without, but contiguous to, the said district.

3. Whenever, under clause three of the forty-sixth and forty- Incidence of seventh Victoria, chapter fifty-nine, the Local Government Board, chwrSe* Ireland, directs any urban sanitary authority to superintend and see to the execution of such regulations, which otherwise would be the duty of any board or boards of guardians, the sanitary authority may, in any rate applicable to the purposes of the Public Health 41 & 42 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1878, insert a separate item for the amount necessary «. 52.

194 Ch. 69, 70. Cholera, <Ssc., Protection (Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

or estimated to be necessary to defray the expenses incurred by them in the execution and superintendence of such regulations, or in paying off any loan incurred by them under the second section of the Act of the session of the forty-sixth and forty-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-nine; and all th& provisions of the Acts for the relief of the poor in Ireland relative to the division of rates between owners and occupiers of rateable hereditaments, and as to deductions from rent on account of rate, shall apply to such separate item as if it were a rate for the relief of the-poor.

[Short title.]

Definition and punishment of corrupt practice at municipal election.

Incapacity of candidate reported guilty of corrupt practice.

45 & 46 Vict c. 50.

CHAPTER 70.

An Act for the better Prevention of Corrupt and Illegal Practices at Municipal and other Elections.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. This Act may be cited as the Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.

Corrupt Practices.

2. (1.) The expression "corrupt practice " in this Act means any of the following offences, namely, treating, undue influence, bribery, and personation as defined by the enactments set forth in Part One of the Third Schedule to this Act, and aiding, abetting, counselling, and procuring the commission of the offence of personation.

(2.) A person who commits any corrupt practice in reference to a municipal election shall be guilty of the like offence, and shall on conviction be liable to the like punishment, and subject to the like incapacities, as if the corrupt practice had been committed in reference to a parliamentary election-

3. (1.) Where upon the trial of an election petition respecting a municipal election for a borough or ward of a borough it is found by the report of an election court made in pursuance of section ninety-three of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, that any corrupt practice, other than treating and undue influence, has been proved to have been committed in reference to such election by or with the knowledge and consent of any candidate at such election, or that the offence of treating or undue influence has been proved to have been committed in reference to such election by any candidate at such election, that candidate shall not be capable of ever holding a corporate office in the said borough, and if he has been elected his election shall be void; and he shall further be subject to the same incapacities as if at the date of the said report he had been convicted of a corrupt practice.

(2.) Upon the trial of an election petition respecting a municipal election for a borough or ward of a borough in which a charge is

195

1884. Municipal Elections (Corrupt <& Illegal P)uctice8)Acl Ch. 70 *

made of any corrupt practice having been committed in reference to such election, the election court shall report in writing to the High Couit whether any of the candidates at such election has been guilty by his agents of any corrupt practice in reference to such election, and if the report is that any candidate at such election has been guilty by his agents of a corrupt practice in reference to such election, that candidate shall not be capable of being elected to or holding any corporate office in the said borough, during a period of three years from the date of the report, and if he has been elected, his election shall be void.

Illegal Practices.

4. (1.) No payment or contract for payment shall, for the pur- Certain expose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate at a penditure to municipal election, be made — practice!

(a) on account of the conveyance of electors to or from the poll whether for the hiring of horses or carriages, or for railway fares, or otherwise; or

(&) to an elector on account of the use of any house, land, building, or premises for the exhibition of any address, bill, or notice, or on account of the exhibition of any address, bill, or notice; or

(c) on account of any committee room in excess of the number allowed by this Act (that is to say), if the election is for a borough one committee room for the borough, and if the election is for a ward one committee room for the ward, and if the number of electors in such borough or ward exceeds two thousand, one additional committee room for every two thousand electors and incomplete part of two thousand electors, over and above the said two thousand.

(2.) Subject to such exception as may be allowed in pursuance of this Act, if any payment or coutract for payment is knowingly made in contravention of this section either before, during, or after a municipal election, the person making such payment or contract shall be guilty of an illegal practice, and any person receiving such payment or being a party to any such contract, knowing the same to be in contravention of this Act, shall also be guilty of an illegal practice.

(3.) Provided that where it is the ordinary business of an elector as an advertising agent to exhibit for payment bills and advertisements, a payment to or contract with such elector if made in the ordinary course of business, shall not be deemed to be an illegal practice within the meaning of this section.

5. (1.) Subject to such exception as may be allowed in pursuance Expense in

of this Act, no sum shall be paid and no expense shall be incurred excess of by or on behalf of a candidate at an election, whether before, during, to

or after an election, on account of or in respect of the conduct or practice, management of such election, save that in the case of an election of

a councillor a sum may be paid and expense incurred not in excess of the maximum amount following; (that is to say,)

The sum of twenty-five pounds, and, if the number of electors in the borough or ward exceeds five hundred, an additional

196

Voting by prohibited persons and publishing of false statements of withdrawal to be illegal.

Punishment on conviction of illegal practice.

Ch. 70. Municipal Electw7i8(Co'n'upt d-IllegalPractices). 47 & 48 Vict 48 Vict.

amount of threepence for each elector above the first five hundred electors.

(2.) Any candidate or agent of a candidate or person who knowingly acts in contravention of this section shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(3.) Where there are two or more joint candidates at an election the maximum amount of expenses shall, for each of such joint candidates, be reduced by one fourth, or if there are more than two joint candidates by one third.

(4.) Where two or more candidates at the election, by themselves or any agent or agents, hire or use the same committee rooms for such election, or employ or use the services of the same clerks, messengers, or polling agent at such election, or publish a joint address or joint circular or notice at such election, those candidates shall be deemed for the purposes fof this enactment to be joint candidates at such election: Provided that —

(a.) The employment and use of the same committee room, clerk, messenger, or polling agent, if accidental or casual, or of a trivial and unimportant character, shall not be deemed of itself to constitute persons joint candidates:

(6.) Nothing in this enactment shall prevent candidates from ceasing to be joint candidates:

(c.) Where any excess of expenses above the maximum allowed for one of two or more joint candidates has arisen owing to his having ceased to be a joint candidate, or to his having become a joint candidate after having begun to conduct his election as a separate candidate, and such ceasing or beginning was in good faith, and such excess is not more than under the circumstances is reasonable, and the total expenses of such candidate do not exceed the maximum amount allowed for a separate candidate, such excess shall be deemed to have arisen from a reasonable cause within the meaning of the enactments respecting the allowance by the High Court or election court of an exception from the provisions of this Act which would otherwise make an act an illegal practice, and the candidate may be relieved accordingly from the consequences of having incurred such excess of expenses.

6. (1.) If any person votes or induces or procures any person to vote at a municipal election, knowing that he or such person is prohibited, whether by this or any other Act, from voting at such election, he shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(2.) Any person who before or during a municipal election knowingly publishes a false statement of the withdrawal of a candidate at such election for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of another candidate shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(3.) Provided that a candidate shall not be liable, nor shall his ^election be avoided, for any illegal practice under this section committed without his knowledge and consent.

7. A person guilty of an illegal practice in reference to a municipal election, shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds and be incapable during a period of five years from the date of his conviction of being registered as an elector or voting at any election (whether it be a parliamentary

197

1884. Municipal Elections (Cowupt& Illegal Practices)A ct. Ch. 70.

election or an election for a public office within the meaning of this Act) held for or within the borough in which the illegal practice has been committed.

8. (1.) An illegal practice within the meaning of this Act shall Incapacity of

be deemed to be an offence against Part Four of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and a petition alleging such illegal practice of illegal ' may be presented and tried accordingly. practice.

(2.) Upon the trial of an election petition respecting a mimicipal 45 46 V, ct '

election for a borough or ward of a borough in which a charge is made of any illegal practice having been committed in reference to such election, the election court shall report in writing to the High Court whether any of the candidates at such election has been guilty by himself or his agents of an illegal practice in reference to such election, and if the report is that a candidate at such election has been guilty by himself or his agents of an illegal practice in reference to such election, the candidate shall not be capable of being elected to or of holding any corporate office in the said borough during the period for which he was elected to serve, or for which if elected he might have served, and if he was elected, his election shall be void; and, if the report is that such candidate has himself been guilty of such illegal practice, he shall also be subject to the same incapacities as if at the date of the report he had been convicted of such illegal practice.

Illegal Payment, Employment, and Hiring

9. Where a person knowingly provides money for any payment Providing of which is contrary to the provisions of this Act, or for any expenses incurred in excess of any maximum amount allowed by this Act, or tice or pay-for replacing any money expended in any such payment, except ment to be where the same may have been previously allowed in pursuance of J*J[£lpay’ this Act to be an exception, such person shall be guilty of illegal payment.

10. (1.) A person shall not. let, lend, or employ for the purpose Employment of the conveyance of electors to or from the poll at a municipal °arriages%r election, any public stage or hackney carriage, or any horse or other of carnages animal kept or used for drawing the same, or any carriage, horse, or and horses kept other animal which he keeps or uses for the purpose of letting out for ire ’

for hire, and if he lets, lends, or employs such carriage, horse, or other animal, knowing that it is intended to be used for the purpose of the conveyance of electors to or from the poll, he shall be guilty of illegal hiring.

(2.) A person shall not hire, borrow, or use for the purpose of the conveyance of electors to or from the poll any carriage, horse, or other animal which he knows the owner thereof is prohibited by this section to let, lend, or employ for that purpose, and if he does so he shall be guilty of illegal hiring.

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall prevent a carriage, horse, or other animal being let to or hired, employed, or used by an elector, or several electors at their joint cost, for the purpose of conveying him or them to or from the poll.

(4.) No person shall be liable to pay any duty or to take out a license for any carriage by reason only of such carriage being used

198

Corrupt withdrawal from a candidature.

Certain expenditure to be illegal payment.

Certain employment to be illegal.

Name and address of printer on placards.

Ch. 70. Municipal Electiom(Coi'i'upt dcTLlegalPractices). 47 & 48 Vict.

without payment or 'promise of payment for the conveyance of electors to or from the poll at an election.

11. Any person who corruptly induces or procures any other person to withdraw from being a candidate at a municipal election, in consideration of any payment or promise of payment, shall be guilty of illegal payment, and any person withdrawing in pursuance of such inducement or procurement shall also be guilty of illegal payment

12. (1.) No payment or contract for payment shall, for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate at a municipal election, be made on account of bands of music, torches, flags, banners, cockades, ribbons, or other marks of distinction.

(2.) Subject to such exception as may be allowed in pursuance of this Act, if any payment or contract for payment is made in contravention of this section, either before, during, or after an election, the person making such payment shall be guilty of illegal payment, and any person being a party to any such contract or receiving such payment shall also be guilty of illegal payment if he knew that the same was made contrary to law.

13. (1.) No person shall, for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate at a municipal election, be engaged or employed for payment or promise of payment for any purpose or in any capacity whatever, except as follows (that is to say),

(a) a number of persons may be employed, not exceeding two for a borough or ward, and if the number of electors in such borough or ward exceeds two thousand one additional person may be employed for every thousand electors and incomplete part of a thousand electors over and above the said two thousand, and such persons may be employed as clerks and messengers, or in either capacity; and

(b) one polling agent may be employed in each polling station:

Provided that this section shall not apply to any engagement or

employment for carrying into effect a contract bond, fide made with any person in the ordinary course of business.

(2.) Subject to such exception as may be allowed in pursuance of this Act, if any person is engaged or employed in contravention of this section, either before, during, or after an election, the person engaging or employing him shall be guilty of illegal employment, and the person so engaged or employed shall also be guilty of illegal employment if he knew that he was engaged or employed in contravention of this Act.

(3.) A person legally employed for payment under this section may or may not be an elector, but may not vote.

14. Every bill, placard, or poster having reference to a municipal election shall bear upon the face thereof the name and address of the printer and publisher thereof; and any person printing, publishing, or posting, or causing to be printed, published, or posted, any such bill, placard, or poster as aforesaid, which fails to bear upon the face thereof the name and address of the printer and publisher, shall, if he is a candidate, be guilty of an illegal practice, and if he is not the candidate, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

199

1884. Municipal Elections (Co'i'rupt & Illegal Practices) Act. Ch. 70.

15. The provisions of this Act prohibiting certain payments and Saving for contracts for payments, and the payment of any sum, and the creditors, incurring of any expense, in excess of a certain maximum, shall not affect the right of any creditor who, when the contract was made or the expense was incurred, was ignorant of the same being in contravention of this Act.

16. (1.) (a.) Any premises, which are licensed for the sale of Use of certain any intoxicating liquor for consumption on or off the premises, or

on which refreshment of any kind (whether food or drink) is r00ms or ordinarily sold for consumption on the premises, or meetings to be

(6.) Any premises where any intoxicating liquor is supplied to Megdkinng. members of a club, society, or association, or any part of any such premises,

shall not, for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate at a municipal election, be used either as a committee room or for holding a meeting, and if any person hires or uses any such premises or any part thereof in contravention of this section he shall be guilty of illegal hiring, and the person letting or permitting the use of such premises or part thereof, if he knew it was intended to use the same, in contravention of this section, shall also

be guilty of illegal hiring.

(2.) Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to any part of such premises which is ordinarily let for the purpose of chambers or offices or the holding of public meetings or of arbitrations, if such part has a separate entrance and no direct communication with any part of the premises on which any intoxicating liquor or refreshment is sold or supplied as aforesaid.!

17. (1.) A person guilty of an offence of illegal payment, Punishment of

employment, or hiring shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a employ-fine not exceeding one hundred pounds. ment, or hiring.

(2.) Where an offence of illegal payment, employment, or hiring is committed by a candidate, or with his knowledge and consent, such candidate shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

18. Where upon the trial of an election petition respecting a Avoidance of municipal election for a borough or ward of a borough it is found jJSSSve* by the election court that illegal practices or offences of illegal illegal prac-payment, employment, or hiring, committed in reference to such tices»&c-election for the purpose of promoting the election of a candidate

at that election, have so extensively prevailed that they may be reasonably supposed to have affected the result of that election, the election court shall report such finding to the High Court, and the election of such candidate, if he has been elected, shall be void, and he shall not, during the period for which he was elected to serve, or for which, if elected, he might have served, be capable of being elected to or holding any corporate office in the said borough.

Excuse and Exception for Cormpt or Illegal Practice or Illegal Payment, Employment, or Hiring.

19. Where, upon the trial of an election petition respecting a Report municipal election, the election court reports that a candidate at SmXESm such election has been guilty by his agents of the offence of treating certain cases and undue influence, and illegal practice, or of any of such offences,

by agents.

200

Power of High Court and election court to except innocent act from being illegal practice, &c.

Sending in claims and making payments for election expenses.

Ch. 70. Municipal Elections(Corrupt <i'IllegalPractice$). 47 & 48 Vict.

in reference to such election, and the election court further report that the candidate ha9 proved to the court —

(a.) That no corrupt or illegal practice was committed at such election by the candidate or with his knowledge or consent, and the offences mentioned in the said report were committed without the sanction or connivance of such candidate; and (b.) That all reasonable means for preventing the commission of corrupt and illegal practices at such election were taken by and on behalf of the candidate; and (c.) That the offences mentioned in the said report were of a trivial, unimportant, and limited character; and (d.) That in all other respects the election was free from any corrupt or illegal practice on the part of such candidate and of his agents;

then the election of such candidate shall not, by reason of the offences mentioned in such report, be void, nor shall the candidate be subject to any incapacity under this Act

20. Where, on application made, it is shown to the High Court or to a municipal election court by such evidence as seems to the Court sufficient —

(a.) that any act or omission of a candidate at a municipal election for a borough or ward of a borough, or of any agent or other person, would, by reason of being in contravention of any of the provisions of this Act, be but for this section an illegal practice, payment, employment, or hiring; and (b.) that such act or omission arose from inadvertence or from accidental miscalculation or from some other reasonable cause of a like nature, and in any case did not arise from any want of good faith; and (c.) that such notice of the application has been given in the said borough as to the Court seems fit; and under the circumstances it seems to the Court to be just that the said candidate, agent and person, or any of them, should not be subject to any of the consequences under this Act of the said act or omission, the Court may make an order allowing such act or omission to be an exception from the provisions of this Act which would otherwise make the same an illegal practice, payment, employment, or hiring, and thereupon such candidate, agent, or person shall not be subject to any of the consequences under this Act of the said act or omission.

2L (1.) Every claim against any person in respect of any expenses incurred by or on behalf of a candidate at an election of a councillor on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of such election shall be sent in within fourteen days after the day of election, and if not so sent in shall be barred and not paid, and all expenses incurred as aforesaid shall be paid within twenty-one days after the day of election, and not otherwise, and any person who makes a payment in contravention of this section, except where such payment is allowed as provided by this section, shall be guilty of an illegal practice, but if such payment was made without the sanction or connivance of the candidate, the election of such candidate shall not be void, nor shall he be subject to

1884. Mvmicipal Elections (Con'wpt <& Illegal Practices) Act. Ch. 70

any incapacity under this Act by reason only of such payment having been made in contravention of this section.

(2.) Every agent of a candidate at an election of a councillor shall, within twenty-three days after the day of election, make a return to the candidate in writing of all expenses incurred by such agent on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of such election, and if he fails so to do shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3.) Within twenty-eight days after the day of election of a councillor every candidate at such election shall send to the town clerk a return of all expenses incurred by such candidate or his agents on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of such election, vouched (except in the case of sums under twenty shillings) by bills stating the particulars and receipts, and accompanied by a declaration by the candidate made before a justice in the form set forth in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, or to the like effect.

(4.) After the expiration of the time for making such return and declaration the candidate, if elected, shall not, until he has made the return and declaration (in this Act referred to as the return and declaration respecting election expenses), or until the date of the allowance of such authorised excuse, as is mentioned in this Act, sit or vote in the council, and if he does so shall forfeit fifty pounds for every day on which he so sits or votes to any person who sues for the same.

(5.) If the candidate without such authorised excuse as is mentioned in this Act fails to make the said return and declaration he shall be guilty of an illegal practice, and if he knowingly makes the said declaration falsely he shall be guilty of an offence, and on conviction thereof on indictment shall be liable to the punishment for wilful and corrupt perjury, and such offence shall also be deemed to be a corrupt practice within the meaning of this Act.

(6.) The county court for the district in which the election was held, or the High Court, or an election court, may, on application either of the candidate or a creditor, allow any claim to be sent in and any expense to be paid after the time limited by this section, and a return of any sum so paid shall forthwith after payment be sent to the town clerk.

(7.) If the candidate applies to the High Court or an election court, and shows that the failure to make the said return and declaration, or either of them, or any error or false statement therein, has arisen by reason of his illness or absence, or of the absence, death, illness, or misconduct of any agent, clerk, or officer, or by reason of inadvertence, or of any reasonable cause of a like nature, and not by reason of any want of good faith on the part of the applicant, the court may, after such notice of the application and on production of such evidence of the grounds stated in the application, and of the good faith of the applicant, and otherwise as to the court seems fit, make such order for allowing the authorised excuse for the failure to make such return and declaration, or for an error or false statement in such return or declaration, as to the court seems just.

202

Ch. 70. Municipal EUction8(Coivrupt&IllegalPractice8). 47 & 48VICT.

(8.) The order may make the allowance conditional upon compliance with such terms as to the court seems calculated for carrying into effect the objects of this Act, and the order shall relieve the applicant from any liability or consequences under this Act in respect of the matters excused by the order.

(9.) The date of the order, or if conditions and terms are to be complied with, the date at which the applicant fully complies with them, is referred to in this Act as the date of the allowance of the excuse.

(10.) The return and declaration sent in pursuance of this Act to the town clerk shall be kept at his office, and shall at all reasonable times during the twelve months next after they are received by him be open to inspection by any person on payment of the fee of one shilling, and the town clerk shall, on demand, furnish copies thereof or of any part thereof at the price of twopence for every seventy-two words.

(11.) After the expiration of the said twelve months the town clerk may cause the return and declaration to be destroyed, or if the candidate so require shall return the same to him.

Prohibition of persons guilty of offences from voting.

Application of ss. 37 & 38 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

List in burgess roll of persons incapacitated for voting by corrupt or illegal ractices.

Disqualification of Electors.

22. Every person guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice or of illegal employment, payment, or hiring at a municipal election is prohibited from voting at such election, and if any such person votes his vote shall be void, and shall be struck off on a scrutiny.

23. So much of sections thirty-seven and thirty-eight of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, as is set forth in Part Two of the Third Schedule to this Act, shall apply as part of this Act.

24. (1.) The town clerk in every municipal borough shall annually

in July make out a list containing the names and description of all persons who, though otherwise qualified to be enrolled as burgesses of such borough, have under this Act, or under the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, or under any other Act for the time being in force relating to a parliamentary election or an election to any public office, become after the commencement of this Act, by reason of conviction of a corrupt or illegal practice, or of the report of any election court or election commissioners, incapable of voting at a municipal election in such borough or any ward thereof, and the town clerk shall state in the list (in this Act referred to as the corrupt and illegal practices list), the offence of which each person has been found guilty. X

(2.) For the purpose of making out such list he shall examine the report of any election court or election commissioners who have respectively tried an election petition or inquired into an election where the election (whether a parliamentary election or an election to any public office) was held in the said borough or in the county in which such borough is situate.

(3.) The town clerk of any municipal borough shall, not less than fourteen days before the first day appointed by law for the publication of the parish burgess lists in such borough, send the corrupt and illegal practices list to the overseers of every parish wholly or

1884. Municipal Elect ions (Corrupt & Illegal Practices) Act. Ch. 70. 503

partly within the borough, and the overseers shall publish that list together with the parish burgess lists, and shall also, in the case of every person in the corrupt and illegal practices list, omit his name from the list of persons entitled to be enrolled as burgesses or to be elected councillors, or, as circumstances require, add " objected " before his name in the list of claimants published by them, in like manner as is required by law in any other cases of disqualification.

(4.) Any person named in the corrupt and illegal practices list may claim to have his name omitted therefrom, and any person entitled to object to any parish burgess list may object to the omission of the name of any person from such first-mentioned list Such claims and objections shall be sent in within the same time and be dealt with in like manner, and any such objection shall be served on the person referred to therein in like manner, as nearly as circumstances admit, as other claims and objections under the enactments relating to the enrolment of burgesses.

(5.) The revising authority shall determine such claims and objections and shall revise such list in like manner, as nearly as circumstances admit, as in the case of other claims and objections and of any parish burgess list and list of persons entitled to be elected councillors.

(6.) Where it appears to the revising authority that a person not named in the list is subject to have his name inserted in the corrupt and illegal practices list, he shall (whether an objection to the omission of such name from the list has or has not been made, but) after giving such person an opportunity of making a statement to show cause to the contrary, insert his name in that list and expunge his name from any list of burgesses or of persons entitled to be elected councillors.

(7.) A revising authority in acting under this section shall determine only whether a person is incapacitated by conviction or by the report of any election court or election commissioners, and shall not determine whether a person has or has not been guilty of any corrupt or illegal practice.

(8.) The corrupt and illegal practices list shall be appended to the burgess roll, and shall be printed and published therewith wherever the same is printed or published.

(9.) Any town clerk or overseer who fails to comply with the provisions of this section shall be liable to the like fine as he is liable to under section seventy-five of the Municipal Corporations 45 & 46 Vict. Act, 1882, for any neglect or refusal in relation to a parish burgess c- 50-list as therein mentioned.

Proceedings on Election Petitions.

25. (1.) A municipal election petition complaining of the election Petition for on the ground of an illegal practice may be presented at any time il.Ic«*1 Prac' before the expiration of fourteen days after the day on which the toce‘ town clerk receives the return and declaration respecting election expenses by the candidate to whose election the petition relates, or where there is an authorised excuse for failing to make the return and declaration then within the like time after the date of the allowance of the excuse.

204

Time for presentation of petition alleging illegal practices.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

Withdrawal of election petition.

Ch. 70. Municipal Efoction£(Con'upt<f; Illeg(dPractice8). 47 & 48 Vict.

(2.) A municipal election petition, complaining of the election on the ground of an illegal practice, and specifically alleging a payment of money or other act made or done since the election by the candidate elected at such election, or by an agent of the candidate, or with the privity of the candidate, in pursuance or in furtherance of such illegal practice, may be presented at any time within twenty-eight days after the date of such payment or act, whether or not any other petition against that person has been previously presented or tried.

(3.) Any election petition presented within the time limited by the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, may, for the purpose of complaining of the election upon an allegation of an illegal practice, be amended with the leave of the High Court within the time within which a petition complaining of the election on the ground of that illegal practice can, under this section, be presented.

(4.) This section shall apply notwithstanding the illegal practice is also a corrupt practice.

26. (1.) Before leave for the withdrawal of a municipal election petition is granted, there shall be produced affidavits by all the parties to the petition and their solicitors, but the High Court may on cause shown dispense with the affidavit of any particular person if it seems to the court on special grounds to be just so to do.

(2.) Each affidavit shall state that, to the best of the deponent’s knowledge and belief, no agreement or terms of any kind whatsoever has or have been made, and no undertaking has been entered into, in relation to the withdrawal of the petition; but if any lawful agreement has been made with respect to the withdrawal of the petition, the affidavit shall set forth that agreement, and shall make the foregoing statement subject to what appears from the affidavit

(3.) The affidavits of the applicant and his solicitor shall further state the ground on which the petition is sought to be withdrawn.

(4.) If any person makes any agreement or terms, or enters into any undertaking, in relation to the withdrawal of an election petition, and such agreement, terms, or undertaking is or are for the withdrawal of the election petition in consideration of any payment, or in consideration that the seat shall at any time be vacated, or in consideration of the withdrawal of any other election petition, or is or are (whether lawful or unlawful) not mentioned in the aforesaid affidavits, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months, and to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

(5.) Copies of the said affidavits shall be delivered to the Director of public prosecutions a reasonable time before the application for the withdrawal is heard, and the court may hear the Director of public prosecutions or his assistant or other representative (appointed with the approval of the Attorney-General), in opposition to the allowance of the withdrawal of the petition, and shall have power to receive the evidence on oath of any person or persons whose evidence the Director of public prosecutions or his assistant, or other representative, may consider material.

(6.) Where in the opinion of the court the proposed withdrawal of a petition was the result of any agreement, terms, or undertaking

205

1884. Municipal Elections (Corrupt & TUegal Practices) Act Ch. 70.

prohibited by this section, the court shall have the same power with respect to the security as under section ninety* five of the Muni- 45 & 46 Vict. cipal Corporations Act, 1882, where the withdrawal is induced by a c- 50* corrupt consideration.

(7.) In every case of the withdrawal of an election petition, by leave of the election court such court shall report in writing to the High Court whether, in the opinion of such election court, the withdrawal of such petition was the result of any agreement, terms, or undertaking, or was in consideration of any payment, or in consideration that the seat should at any time be vacated, or in consideration of the withdrawal of any other election petition, or for any other consideration, and if so, shall state the circumstances attending the withdrawal.

(8.) Where more than one solicitor is concerned for the petitioner or respondent, whether as agent for another solicitor or otherwise, the affidavit shall be made by all such solicitors.

27. The trial of every municipal election petition shall, so far as Continuation of is practicable consistently with the interests of justice in respect of trial of election such trial, be continued de die in diem on every lawful day until petltion‘

its conclusion.

28. (I.) On every trial of a municipal election petition the Attendance of Director of public prosecutions shall by himself or by his assistant, Director of or by such representative as herein-after mentioned, attend at cutioMPon trial the trial, and it shall be the duty of such Director to obey any of election directions given to him by the election court with respect to the Potion, and summoning and examination of any witness to give evidence on such £[J^utl0Q y trial, and with respect to the prosecution by him of offenders, and offenders, with respect to any person to whom notice is given to attend with a

view to report him as guilty of any corrupt or illegal practice.

(2.) It shall also be the duty of such Director, without any direction from the election court, if it appears to him that any person is able to give material evidence as to the subject of the trial, to cause such person to attend the trial, and with the leave of the court to examine such person as a witness.

(3.) It shall also be the duty of the said Director, without any direction from the election court, if he thinks it expedient in the interests of justice so to do, to prosecute, either before the said court or before any other competent court, any person who has not received a certificate of indemnity and who appears to him to have been guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice at a municipal election.

(4.) Where a person is prosecuted before an election court for any corrupt or illegal practice, and such person appears before the court, the court shall proceed to try him summarily for the said offence, and such person, if convicted thereof upon such trial, shall be subject to the same incapacities as he is subject to under this or any other Act, upon conviction, whether on indictment or in any Other proceeding for the said offence; and further, may be adjudged by the court, if the offence is a corrupt practice, to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding six months, or to pay a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds, and if the offence is an illegal practice, to pay such fine as is fixed by this Act for the offence:

206

Ch. 70^ Munitip(rtEkction8(CM'rupt<kIllegalPractice8).47 & 48 Vict 48 Vict.

Provided that, in the case of a corrupt practice, the court, before proceeding to try summarily any person, shall give such person the option of being tried by a jury.

(5.) Where a person is so prosecuted for any such offence, and either he elects to be tried by a jury or he does not appear before the court, or the court thinks it in the interests of justice expedient that he should be tried before some other court, the court, if of opinion that the evidence is sufficient to put the said person upon his trial for the offence, shall order such person to be prosecuted on indictment or before a court of summary jurisdiction, as the case may require, for the said offence; and in either case may order him to be prosecuted before such court as may be named in the order; and for all purposes preliminary and of and incidental to such prosecution the offence shall be deemed to have been committed 'within the jurisdiction of the court so named.

(6.) Upon such order being made,

(a.) if the accused person is present before the court, and the offence is an indictable offence, the court shall commit him to take his trial, or cause him to give bail to appear and take his trial for the said offence; and (Jb.) if the accused person is present before the court, and the offence is not an indictable offence, the court shall order him to be brought before the court of summary jurisdiction before whom he is to be prosecuted, or cause him to give bail to appear before that court; and (c.) if the accused person is not present before the court, the court shall as circumstances require issue a summons for his attendance, or a warrant to apprehend him and bring him before a court of summary jurisdiction, and that court, it* the offence is an indictable offence, shall, on proof only of the summons or warrant and the identity of the accused, commit him to take his trial, or cause him to give bail to appear and take his trial for the said offence, or if the offence is punishable on summary conviction, shall proceed to hear the case, or if such court be not the court before whom he is directed to be prosecuted shall order him to be brought before that court.

(7.) Any order or act of an election court under this section shall not be subject to be discharged or varied under sub-section six of 45 & 46 Vict. section ninety-two of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

* (8.) The Director of public prosecutions may nominate, with the

approval of the Attorney-General, any barristers or solicitors of not less than ten years standing, one of whom shall, when required, act as the representative for the purposes of this section of such Director, and when so acting shall receive such remuneration as the Treasury may approve. There shall be allowed to the Director and his assistant or representative, for the purposes of this section, such allowance for expenses as the Treasury may approve.

(9.) The costs incurred in defraying the expenses of the Director of public prosecutions under this section (including the remuneration of his representatives) shall, in the first instance, be paid by the Treasury, and so far as they are not in the case of any prosecution paid by the defendant, shall be deemed to be expenses of the election court, and shall be paid as the expenses of that court are

1884. Municipal Elections (Corrupt.<&Illegal Practices) . Ch. 70. 207

directed by section one hundred and one of the Municipal Corpora- 45 & 46 Vict, tions Act, 1882, to be paid; but if for any reasonable cause it seems c- 50* just to the court so to do, the court shall order all or part of the said costs to be repaid to the Treasury by the parties to the petition, or such of them as the court may direct.

29. (1.) Where upon the trial of a municipal election petition it Power to elec, appears to the election court that a corrupt practice has not been tion court to proved to have been committed in reference to the election by or by^roughor* with the knowledge and consent of the respondent to the petition, individiuS of and that such respondent took all reasonable means to prevent c. 08ts of^Incorrupt practices being committed on his behalf, the court may 41011 petltion‘ make one or more orders with respect to the payment either of the whole or such part of the costs of the petition as the court may think right as follows;

(a.) if it appears to the court that corrupt practices extensively prevailed in reference to the said election, the court may order the whole or part of the costs to be paid by the borough; and (6.) if it appears to the court that any person or persons is or are proved, whether by providing money or otherwise, to have been extensively engaged in corrupt practices, or to have encouraged or promoted extensive corrupt practices in reference to such election, the court may; after giving such person or persons an opportunity of being heard by counsel or solicitor and of examining and cross-examining witnesses to show cause why the order should not be made, order the whole or part of the costs to be paid by that person, or those persons or any of them, and may order that if the costs cannot be recovered from one or more of such persons they shall be paid by some other of such persons or by either of the parties to the petition.

(2.) Where any person appears to the court to have been guilty of the offence of a corrupt or illegal practice, the court may, after giving such person an opportunity of making a statement to show why the order should not be made, order the whole or any part of the costs of or incidental to any proceeding before the court in relation to the said offence or to the said person to be paid by the said person to such person or persons as the court may direct.

(3.) The rules and regulations of the Supreme Court of Judicature with respect to costs to be allowed in actions, causes, and matters in the High Court shall in principle and so far as practicable apply to the costs of petition and other proceedings under Part Four of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and this Act, and the taxing 45 & 46 Vict, officer shall not allow any costs, charges, or expenses on a higher c*50* scale than would be allowed in any action, cause or matter in the High Court on the higher scale, as between solicitor and client.

Miscellaneous.

30. Subject to the other provisions of this Act, the procedure for General pro-the prosecution of a corrupt or illegal practice or any illegal pay- vi8ions " to ment, employment, or hiring committed in reference to a municipal offe^s^mder election, and the removal of any incapacity incurred by reason of a this Act conviction or report relating to any such offence, and the duties of the Director of public prosecutions in relation to any such offence, and all other proceedings in relation thereto (including the grant to

soa

46 & 47 Vict c. 51.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

«. 94. (7.)

Person incapacitated by conviction or report to vacate seat or office.

Payment and recovery of costs.

Service of notices.

Cfl.70. MunicipcrtElection8(Coi'rujpt&IllegalPractices). 47 & 48 Vict.

a witness of a certificate of indemnity), shall be the same as if such offence had been committed in reference to a parliamentary election; and sections forty-five and forty-six and sections fifty to fifty-seven (both inclusive), and sections fifty-nine and sixty of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, shall apply accordingly as if they were re-enacted in this Act with the necessary modifications, and with the following additions:—

(a.) Where the Director of public prosecutions considers that the circumstances of any case require him to institute a prosecution before any court other than an election court for any offence other than a corrupt practice committed in reference to a municipal election in any borough, he may, by himself or his assistant, institute such prosecution before any court of summary jurisdiction in the county in which the said borough is situate or to which it adjoins, and the offence shall be deemed for all purposes to have been committed within the jurisdiction of such court; and

(b.) General rules for the purposes of Part Four of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall be made by the same authority as rules of court under the said sections; and (c.) The giving or refusal to give a certificate of indemnity to a witness by the election court shall be final and conclusive.

31. If any person, in consequence of conviction or of the report of an election court under this Act, becomes not capable of being elected to or sitting in the House of Commons, or of being elected to or holding any public or judicial office, and such person, at the date of the said conviction or report, has been so elected or holds any such office, then his seat or office, as the case may be, shall be vacated as from that date.

32. (1.) Where any costs of a petition are, under an order of a municipal election court, to be paid by a borough, such costs shall be paid out of the borough fund or borough rate.

(2.) Where any costs or other sums are, under the order of an election court or otherwise under this Act, to be paid by any person, those costs shall be a simple contract debt due from such person to the person or persons to whom they are to be paid, and if payable to the Treasury shall be a debt to Her Majesty, and in either case may be recovered accordingly.

33. Where any summons, notice, or document is required to be

served on any person with reference to any proceeding respecting a municipal election in any borough or ward of a borough, whether for the purpose of causing him to appear before the High Court or any election court, or otherwise, or for the purpose of giving him an opportunity of making a statement, or showing cause, or being heard by himself, before any such court, for any purpose of this Act, such summons, notice, or document may be served either by delivering the same to such person, or by leaving the same at, or sending the same by post by a registered letter to, his last known place of abode in the said borough, or, if the proceeding is before any court, in such other manner as the court may direct, and in proving such service by post it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter was prepaid, properly addressed, and registered with the post office. '

1884. Municipal Elections (Con'upt& Illegal Practices) Act. Ch. 70. 209

34. In this Act expressions have the same meaning as in the Definitions. Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and in the Corrupt and Illegal 45 As 46 Vict. Practices Prevention Act, 1883; except that the words "borough, " c*?• _ v-

* election petition, " " election court, " and " candidate, " shall, unless 51 lct* the context otherwise requires, have the meaning given by the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and not the meaning given by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883; and except that " election " shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean a municipal election.

For the purposes of this Act the number of electors shall be taken according to the enumeration of the electors in the burgess roll.

35. This Act and Part IV. of the Municipal Corporations Act, Application to

1882, shall apply to a municipal election in the city of London, city of London subject as follows: — part'lV^of0 *

(1.) For the purpose of such application "municipal election" 45 & 46 Vict, means an election to the office of mayor, alderman, common c* 5°. councilman, or sheriff, and includes the election of any officer elected by the mayor, aldermen, and liverymen in common hall, and the expression "corporate office " includes each of the aforesaid offices, and the expression "borough " shall be deemed to apply to the said city:

(2.) The expression "burgess " means, in relation to each municipal election, any person entitled to vote at such election:

(3.) Any costs or expenses directed to be paid out of the borough fund or borough rate shall, if incurred in respect of the election of an alderman or common councilman for any ward, be paid out of the ward rate of that ward, and in any other case shall be paid by the chamberlain of the said city out of the city’s cash:

(4.) The enactments relating to personation, polling agents, and disclosure of votes shall not apply, save that if any person commits any offence under the City of London Municipal so Vict. c. 1. Elections Amendment Act, 1867, in relation to the declaration required by that Act to be made at the poll, he shall, in addition, be deemed guilty of a corrupt practice under this Act:

(5.) A vacancy in any office created by the decision of an election court shall be filled by a new election, and every summoning officer is hereby authorised and required to summon the electors for such election:

(6.) In the case of an election of an alderman and common councilman a sum may be paid and expense incurred not in excess of the maximum fixed by this Act for the election of a councillor.

(7.) In the case of an election by liverymen in common hall a sum may be paid and expenses incurred, if a poll be not demanded, not exceeding forty pounds, and, if a poll be demanded, then not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds, and, in the event of a poll being demanded, such poll shall take place on the third day after the demand for a poll be made, unless such third day be a Sunday, in which case the poll shall take place on the fourth day, and the poll shall last . for one day only, and commence at the hour of eight in the morning and close at six in the evening.

210

Application of thi» Act and Part XV. of 45 & 46. Vict. c. 50.\to'other elections.

14 & 15 Vict c. 105.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 55.

Gh.70. <Cri 47 & 48 Vict. ’

(8.) The town clerk shall send the corrupt and illegal practices nst, when made out by him, to the ward clerk of each ward not less than fourteen days before the day on which the list of persons entitled to vote in such ward is required to be made out, and the aldermen and common councihhen of each ward shall omit from such last-mentioned list the names of all persons mentioned in the corrupt and illegal practices list, and the corrupt and illegal practices list shall be printed and appended to every copy of the list of persons entitled to vote in such ward;

Application of Act to other elections.

36. (1.) Subject as herein-after mentioned; the provisions of this Act and of Part Four of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, as amended by this Act, shall extend to elections for the offices mentioned in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act as if re-enacted herein and in terms made applicable thereto, and petitions may be presented and tried, and offences prosecuted and punished, and incapacities incurred in reference to each such’election accordingly.

Provided that in the application of the said provisions to any such election:

(cl) The area, officer, and rate mentioned opposite to the office in the second, third, and fourth columns of the said schedule, shall be deemed to be substituted for the borough or ward, town clerk, and borough fund or rate respectively.

(£>.) The expression "corporate office " in the said provisions shall mean an office mentioned in the said schedule, and in relation to the election of a guardian of a union includes any such office in the union, and " a municipal election " shall mean an election to such office, and the expressions "municipal election court," "municipal election list, " and "municipal election petition" shall be construed accordingly.

(c.) No corrupt and illegal practices list shall be made for any such election.

(d.) Vacancies created by the decision of an election court shall be filled by a new election.

(e.) A petition relating to the election of a guardian of a union may be tried at any place within the union.

(/.) Nothing in the said provisions shall render it unlawful to hold a meeting for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate to any office mentioned in the said schedule on any licensed or other premises not situate in an urban sanitary district or in the Metropolis;

(gr.) Where the poll at any election to an office in the said schedule is taken by means of voting papers, such of the said provisions as relate to personation, polling agents, disclosure of votes and conveyance of voters, shall not apply; but any offence in relation to voting papers or to personation or to voting at such election which is punishable on summary conviction (that is to say,) the offences mentioned in section three of the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1851, and in rule sixty-nine of Schedule Two to the Public Health Act, 1875, shall, without prejudice to the.punishment under such section and rule of a

211

1884. Municipal Elections (Comtptf & Illegal Practices) Act. OS.70./

person guilty of such offence, be deemed to be an illegal practice within the meaning of the said provisions.

(k.) The Local Government Board shall have the same power as

heretofore under section eight of the Poor Law Amendment 5 & 6 Vict. Act, 1842, to determine any question arising as to the right of c- 57. a person to act as guardian, except that the Board shall not Have power —

"(a; ) To determine, until after the expiration of twenty-one days after the election of a person as guardian, any qued« tion which can be determined upon an election petition under this section; nor (b.) To determine any question which is raised by an election petition under this section, and is either awaiting decision or has been decided by an election court; nor (c.) To determine any question of general corruption, or of any corrupt or illegal practice, except so far as appears to such Board necessary for determining the validity of any vote.

(2.) The judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions, or any two of those judgtes, may annually appoint as many barristers, not exceeding five, as they may think necessary to be commissioners for the trial of election petitions under Part Four of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and this Act, and shall from time to time assign the petitions (whether relating to a municipal election or to any other, election to which this Act extends) to be tried by each commissioner.

37. The provisions of this Act which prohibit the payment of Exemption any sum, and the incurring of any expense by or on behalf of a froppro* candidate at an election, on account of, or in respect of, the conduct maximum «-or1 management of the election, and those which relate to the time pensee.

for sending in and paying claims, and those which relate to the maximum amount of election expenses, or the return or declaration respecting election expenses, shall not apply to any of the elections mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act.

Repeal,

38. The Aots specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are Repeal of Acts, hereby repealed as from the commencement of this Act to the

extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned, but such repeal shall not affect anything duly done or suffered, or any right acquired or accrued, or any incapacity incurred, before the commencement of. this Act; and any person subject to any incapacity under any enactment hereby repealed, or under any enactment for which such repealed enactment was substituted, shall continue subject thereto, and this Act shall apply to him as if he had become so subject in pursuance of the provisions of this Act.

39. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of October Commence-

one. thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, which day is in this "entof Act. Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

Extent of Act.

40. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. extend to Scot-

41. This Act shall continue in force to the end of the year one land or Ireland,

thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and no longer. Duration of

0 2

212

Section 36.

Section 86.

Ch. 70. MvmicipalElectiom (Oori'upt&IllegcdPractices). 47 & 48 Vict.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Elections to which this Act extends. In England.

Office. Area. Officer.

Member of local board, as defined by the Public Health Act, 1875. Member of Improvement Commissioners, as defined by the Pub-. lie Health Act, 1875. Local Government district or ward of such district. Improvement Act district or ward of such district. Clerk to the local board, or person performing like duties. Clerk to the Improvement Commissioners, or person performing like duties.

Guardian elected under the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834. Member of school board Parish or ward of a parish or united parishes. School district or division of the metropolis. Clerk to the guardians, or person performing like duties. Returning officer of school board.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Bate.

The general district rate.

The general district rate or other rate oat of which the expenses of the Improvement Commissioners are payable.

The poor rate of the parish or united parishes.

The school fund.

Enactments Repealed.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first and last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

As to England.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

The Elementary

Education Act, 1870.

The Municipal

Corporations Act, 1882.

Section thirty-three.

Section seventy-seven, from corrupt practice " down to " or personation," and from "canvasser" down to "candidate at a municipal election."

Section seventy-eight.

Section seventy-nine.

Section eighty.

Section eighty-two.

Section eighty-three.

Section eighty-four.

Section ninety-two, sub-section four, from " and those judges " down to the end of the subsection.

Section ninety-four, sub-sections five, six, seven, and eight.

So much of section ninety-eight, sub-section two, as relates to the principles of taxation.

1884. Municipal Elections (Corrupt & Act. Ca.70.

213

THIRD SCHEDULE. Sections.

Part I.

Enactments defining Corrupt Practices. — Enactments defining the Offence of Bribery.

The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854, 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. sections 2 and 3.

S. 2. The following persons shall be deemed guilty of bribery, and shall Bribery de-be punishable accordingly: — fined.

(1.) Every person who shall, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, give, lend, or agree to give or lend, or shall offer, promise, or promise to procure or endeavour to procure, any money or valuable consideration to or for any voter, or to or for any person on behalf of any voter, or to or for any other person, in order to induce any voter to vote or refrain from voting, or shall corruptly do any such act as aforesaid on account of such voter having voted or refrained from voting at any election.

(2.) Every person who shall, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, give or procure, or agree to give or procure, or offer, promise, or promise to procure or endeavour to procure, any office, place, or employment to or for any voter, or to or for any person on behalf of any voter, or to or for any other person, in order to induce such voter to vote or refrain from voting, or shall corruptly do any such act as aforesaid on account of any voter having voted or refrained from voting at any election.

(3.) Every person who shall, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, make any such gift, loan, offer, promise, procurement, or agreement as aforesaid, to or for any person, im order to induce such person to procure or endeavour to procure the return of any person to serve in Parliament, or the vote of any voter at any election.

(4.) Every person who shall, upon or in consequence of any such gift, loan, offer, promise, procurement, or agreement, procure, or engage, promise, or endeavour to procure the return of any person to serve in Parliament, or the vote of any voter at any election.

(5.) Every person who shall advance or pay, or cause to be paid, any money to or to the use of any other person with the intent that such money, or any part thereof, shall be expended in bribery at any election, or who shall knowingly pay or cause to be paid any money to any person in discharge or repayment of any money wholly or in part expended in bribery at any election:Provided always, that the aforesaid enactment shall not extend or be construed to extend to any money paid or agreed to be paid for on account of any legal expenses bonfi fide incurred at or concerning any election.

S. 3. The following persons shall also be deemed guilty of bribery, and Bribery further shall be punishable accordingly:— defined.

(I.) Every voter who shall, before or during any election, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, receive, agree, or contract for any money, gift, loan, or valuable consideration, office, place, or employment, for himself or for any other person, for voting or agreeing to vote, or from refraining or agreeing to refrain from voting at any election.

(2.) Every person who shall, after any election, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, receive any money or valuable consideration on account of any person having voted or refrained from voting, or having induced any ether person to vote or refrain from voting at any election.

Corrupt payment of rates to be punishable as bribery,

Personation

defined.

What is treating.

What is undue influence.

Definitions.

0&9Q; Munieipal£rlec£L^ & IllegatPractices). 8ViGtt

The Representation of the People Act, 1867, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. s. 49.

S. 49. Any person, either directly or indirectly, corruptly paying any rate on behalf of any ratepayer for the purpose of enabling him to be registered as a voter, thereby to influence his vote at the future election, and any candidate or other person, either directly or indirectly, paying any rate on behalf of any voter for the purpose of inducing him to vote or refrain, from voting, shall be guilty of bribery, and be punishable accordingly; and any person on whose behalf and with whose privity any such payment as in this section is mentioned is made, shall also be guilty of bribery, and punishable accordingly. '

Enactment defining the Offence Personation.

the Ballot Act, 1872, 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. s. 24.

S. 24. A person shall, for all purposes of the laws relating to parliamentary and municipal elections, be deemed to be guilty of the offence of personation who, at an election for a county or borough, or at a municipal election, applies for a ballot paper in the name of some other person whether that name be that of a person living or dead, or of a fictitious person, or who, having voted onoe at any such election, applies at the same election for a ballot paper in his own name.

Enactments defining the Offences of Treating and Undue Influence.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. ss. 1 and 2.

S. 1. Any person who corruptly by himself or by any other person, either before, during, or after an election, directly or indirectly gives or provides, or pays wholly or in part the expense of giving or providing any meat, drink, entertainment, or provision to or for any person for the purpose of corruptly influencing that person or any other person to give or refrain from giving his vote at the election, or on account of such person or any other person having voted or refrained from voting, or being about to vote or refrain from voting at such election, shall be guilty of treating.

And every elector who corruptly accepts or takes any such meat, drink, entertainment, or provision, shall also be guilty of treating.

S. 2. Every person who shall directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, make use of or threaten to make use of any force, violence, or restraint, or inflict or threaten to inflict, by himself or by any other person, any temporal or spiritual injury, damage, harm, or loss upon or against any person in order to induce or compel such person to vote or refrain from voting, or on account of such person having voted or refrained from voting at any election, or who shall by abduction, duress, or any fraudulent device or contrivance impede or prevent the free exercise of the franchise of any elector, or shall thereby compel, induce, or prevail upon any elector either to give or to refrain from giving his vote at any election, shall be guilty of undue influence.

Enactment defining the Offences of Bribery, Treating, Undue Influence, and Personation.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50, s. 77.

S. 77. " Bribery, " " treating, " " undue influence, " and " personation " include respectively anything done before, at, after, or with respect to a municipal election, which, if done before, at, after, or with respect to a parliamentary election, would make the person doing the same liable to

1884. Municipal Elections (i Corrupt & Illegal Practices) Act. Ch. 70. £15

any penalty, punishment, or disqualification for bribery, treating, undue influence, or personation, as the case may be, under any Act for the time being in force with respect to parliamentary elections.

Part II.

Enactments relating to PisqvxiUfication of Electors. Section 23.

The Corrupt end Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883,; 46 & 47 Vict. c c. 51. sections 37 and 38.

S. 37. Every person who, in consequence of conviction or of the report Prohibition of

of any election court or election commissioners under this Act, or under the disqualified

Corrupt Practices (Municipal Elections) Act, 1872, or under Part IV. of Per»°M ^rom

the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, or under any other Act for the time vict>

being m force relating to corrupt practices at an election for any public c #60.

-office, has become, incapable, of voting at any election, whether a parlia- 45 & 46 Vict.

mentary election or an election to any public office, is prohibited from c. 50.

voting at any such election, and his vote shall be void.

S. 38. (1.) Before a person, not being a party to an election petition nor Hearing of

•a candidate on behalf of whom the seat is claimed by an election petition, is j*1?011 before

reported by an election court to have been guilty, at an

election, of any corrupt or illegal practice, the court shall 5iPt or illegal

«ause notice to be given to such person, and if he appears in pursuance of practice, and the notice, shall give him an opportunity of being heard by himself and of incapacity of

.calling evidence in his defence to show why he should not be so reported. Per8°" re"

* ' # # ported guilty.

(5.) Every person who, after the commencement of this Act, is reported by any election court to have been guilty of any corrupt or

illegal practice at an election, shall, whether he obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, be subject to the same incapacity as he would be subject to if he had at the date of such election been convicted of the offence of which he is reported to have been guilty *

(6.) Where a person who is a justice of the peace is reported by any election court # to have been guilty of any corrupt practice in

reference to an election, whether he has obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, it shall be the duty of the Director of Public Prosecutions to report the case to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, with such evidence as may have been given of such corrupt practice, and Where any such person acts as a justice of the peace by virtue of his being or having been mayor of a borough, the Lord High Chancellor shall have the ‘same power to remove such person from being a justice of the peace as if he was named in a commission of the peace.

(7.) Where a person who is a barrister or a solicitor, or'who belongs to any profession the admission to which is regulated by law, is reported by •any election court to have been guilty of any corrupt practice

in reference to au election, whether such person has obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, it shall be the duty of the Director of Public Prose-'Cutions to bring the matter before the Inn of Court, High Court, or tribunal having power to take cognizance of any misconduct of such person in his profession, and such Inn of Court, High Court, or tribunal may deal with such person in like manner as if such corrupt practice were misconduct by such person in his profession.

(8.) With respect to a person holding a license or certificate under the Licensing Acts (in this section referred to as a licensed person) the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a.) If it appears to the court by which any licensed person is convicted of the offence of bribery or treating that such offence was committed on his licensed premises, the court shall direct such conviction to be entered in the proper register of licenses:

216

Section 21.

Ca.70. Municipal Electio7i8(CorruptJcIllegaXPractices). 47 & 48 Vict.

(b.) If it appears to an election court that a licensed person

has knowingly suffered any bribery or treating in reference to any election to take place upon his licensed premises, such court *

(subject to the provisions of this Act as to a person having an opportunity of being heard by himself and producing evidence before being reported) shall report the same; and, whether such person obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, it shall be the duty of the Director of Public Prosecutions to bring such report before the licensing justices from whom or on whose certificate the licensed person obtained his license, and such licensing justices shall cause such report to be entered in the proper register of licenses:

(c.) Where an entry is made in the register of licenses of any such conviction of or report respecting any licensed person as above in this section mentioned, it shall be taken into consideration by the licensing justices in determining whether they will or will not grant to such person the renewal of his license or certificate, and may be a ground, if the justices think fit, for refusing such renewal.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Form of Declaration by Candidate as to Expenses.

I, having been a candidate at the

election of councillor for the borough [or ward] of, on the day of [and my agents do hereby solemnly and

sincerely declare that I have paid ] for my expenses at

the said election, and that, except as aforesaid, I have not, and to the best of my knowledge and belief, no person, nor any club, society, or association, has on my behalf, made any payment, or given, promised, or offered any reward, office, employment, or valuable consideration, or incurred any liability on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the said election.

And I further solemnly and sincerely declare that, except as aforesaid, no money, security, or equivalent for money, has to my knowledge or belief been paid, advanced, given, or deposited by anyone to or in the hands of myself, or any other person, for the purpose of defraying any expenses incurred on my behalf on account of or in respect of the conduct or management oi the said election.

And 1 further solemnly and sincerely declare that I will not at any future time make or be a party to the making or giving of any payment, reward, office, employment, or valuable consideration for the purpose of defraying any such expenses as last mentioned, or provide or be a party to the providing of any money, security, or equivalent for money for the purpose of defraying any such expenses.

Signature of declarant C.D.

Signed and declared by the above-named declarant on the day

of, before me.

(Signed) E.F.

Justice of the Peace for

iUu* /*; .

1884.

Intestates Estates Act, 1884. Ch. 71.

217

CHAPTER 71.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the administration of the Personal Estate and the Escheat of the Real EstateTof Deceased Persons; and for other purposes. ~

---- [14th August 3 884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by ~ the authority of the same, as follows: - "" \

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Intestates Estates Act, 1884.

2. Where the administration of the personal estate of any deceased JRecovevy of

person is granted to a nominee of Her Majesty (whether the Tr^diy-P^Jonal e8tatc

ri i• j __________• j i i ii _ m__________ci• •i ^_______wideceased

Solicitor, or a person nominated by the Treasury Solicitor, oc any peraonwhere other person), any action or other proceeding by or against such administration nominee for the recovery of the personal estate of such deceased *f#n.ted to person, or any share thereof, shall be of the same character, and be Crown* ° e brought, instituted, and carried on in the same manner, and be subject to the same rules of law and equity (including the rules of limitation under the statutes of limitation or otherwise), in all respects as if the administration had been granted to such nominee as one of the next of kin of such deceased person.

3. After the passing of this Act an information or other proceed- Limitation on ing on the part of Her Majesty shall not be filed or instituted, and a proceedings to petition of right shall not be presented, in respect of the personal gond estate"by estate of any deceased person or any part or share thereof, ^57Tiny or from Crown, claim thereon, except within the same time and subject to the same

rules of law and equity in and sub'iecfT to which an action for the like purpose might be brought by or against a subject.

4. From and after the passing of this Act, where a person dies Escheat of without an heir and intestate in respect of any real estate consisting real estate, of any estate or interest whether legal or equitable in any incorporeal hereditament, or of any equitable estate or interest in any corporeal hereditament, whether cfevlsed oFnot devised to trustees

by the~wili df Much person, the few of escheat shall apply in the same "mariner as if the estate or interest above mentioned were a legal estate in corporeal hereditaments.

6. — (1.) Where in any action or other proceeding in Her Majesty's Power of High Court of Justice or in the Court ot Chancery of the County ?ourt to ?ir Palatine of Lancaster it appears to the court that Her Majesty is crowfin res! entitled to any hereditament, corporeal or incorporeal, or to any,

estate or interest, legal or equitable, therein, such court may, on the/C C/Aafk application or with the consent of the Attorney-General, notwith-^///^/ standing that no office has been found and no commission issued or a J executed, order a sale of the hereditament, estate, or interest, and r~ /

such portion^)!' the net proceeds of any such sale as represents thq v 2

interest of Her Majesty shall be paid, invested, transferred, sold, or disposed of in manner provided by section four of the Treasury 39 & 40 Vict. Solicitor Act, 1876. c. 18.

(2.) Section one of the Act of the session of the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-five, intituled "An Act to extend the provisions of the Trustee Act,

218

Ch. 7h

Intestates Estates Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict;

Power to waive right of Crown in certain cases.

See

1850/' shall apply on any such sale in like manner as if any estate or interest of Her Majesty comprised in the sale were vested in a subject.

6. Where a person dies without an heir and intestate in respect of all or any part of his real estate, whether his estate or interest therein is legal or equitable, and" application is made for the waiver of any right of Her Majesty in respect of such intestacy to such 59 g. s. c. 94." estate by or on behalf of any person to whom, or to a trustee for AJr/ J^hom, Her Majesty would, if Her Majesty's title had been duly found by inquisition, have power to grant such real estate, it shall

under the'hands ojf the Com-any two of them, to authorise \the# waiver of such right, on such terms, whether for the payment of Jtoqney or otherwise, as may be specified in the warrant, and the /Treasury Solicitor may, in pursuance of such warrant, convey to the person in whose favour such waiver is made the right of Her Majesty so waived: Provided, that if at any time not later than two years after such conveyance any person claiming any estate or interest in or to the said real estate demands that an inquisition in respect of Her Majesty's title shall be issued, and gives security to the satisfaction of the Treasury Solicitor for the costs of the issue and execution of such inquisition, such inquisition shall issue in like manner as if this section had not been enacted.

If no such inquisition issues, such conveyance shall be of the same effect as if it were a grant from Her Majesty after office found; and every person bringing an action to establish any claim to such real estate, or any part thereof, or interest therein, shall be in the same position and have the same rights as if he were traversing such office found.

Definition of 7. Where any beneficial interest in the real estate of any intestacy. deceased person, whether the estate or interest rof sucB deceased t* / person therein was legal or equitable, is, owing to the failure of the

7 zCAA^jOobjects of the devise, or other circumstances happening before or

after the death of such person* in whole or in part not effectually disposed of, such person shall be deemed, for the purposes of this Act, to have died intestate in respect of such part of the said beneficial interest as is ineffectually disposed of.

Application of 8. This Act shall extend to the Duchy of Lancaster, with this rfLanD"chy addition, that the Chancellor of the Duchy, the Attorney-General of the Duchy, and the Solicitor of the Duchy respectively, shall be substituted for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, the Attorney-General, and the Treasury Solicitor respectively, and that the proceeds of any sale shall be applicable and be dealt with to all i^t|ni^ ^(JN|»prnpses as such proceeds would or might have been applied or aealT with if the hereditaments, estate, or interest had been sold under or in pursuance of any other power in that behalf.

Application of 8. In the application of this Act to Ireland the following pro-A ctto Ireland, visions shall take effect:

(a.) The Crown and Treasury Solicitor for Ireland shall be substituted for the Treasury Solicitor.

(b.) The reference to the Treasury Solicitor Act, 1876, shall not apply. The portion of the net proceeds of any sale under

1/8/1) ‘

188^. IwJtestxiles Estates Act, 1884. Ch. 71, 72. (219

this Act which represents the IntetSst of Her Majesty in the hereditament, estate, or interest sold shall be dealt with and disposed of in such manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may by general or special order from time to time direct

(c.) Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in Ireland and the Attorney-General for Ireland shall be substituted for the High Court of Justice and the Attorney-General;

10. This Act shall not extend to Scotland. Extent ef Act.

CHAPTER 72.

An Act for preventing the erection of Buildings on Disused Burial Grounds.

[14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the session of Parliament holden in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of Her Majesty, chapter eighty-five, to amend the laws concerning the burial of the dead in the metropolis, and an Act was passed in the session holden in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty-four, " to amend the laws con-M ceming the burial of the dead in England, beyond the limits of the metropolis, and to amend the Act concerning the burial of the dead in the metropolis ": And whereas in pursuance of the provisions of the above recited Acts numerous Orders in Council have been made for the discontinuance of burials in certain burial grounds within the metropolis and elsewhere: And whereas it is expedient that no buildings should be erected on any burial ground f affected by any of such Orders in Council:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Disused Burial Grounds Act, short title. 1884.

2. In this Act a "disused burial ground " shall mean a, burial interpretation

3. After the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful to erect Nob^idjigjto

nny buildings upon any disused burial ground, except for the pur- dim£edbumin pose of enlarging a church, chapel, meeting-house, or other places of Sren&^ment, worship. 5/Ck:. UrfYC f I'l*. Ac-

4. Nothing in this Act shall prevent the erection of any building Saving for on a disused burial ground for which a faculty has been obtained

before the passing of this Act. sanctioned.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall apply to any burial Saving ofburiai

ground which has been sold or disposed of under the authority of fr°5L"^s0f°ld any Act of Parliament. 3/ Ci, pjr.u/z pLu^ment.

220

Issue of 37, 827, 299/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

Ch. 73. Appropriation Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Yicx *

CHAPTER 73.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[14th August 1884.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

L The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, the sum of thirty-seven million eight hundred and twenty-seven thousand two hundred and ninety-nine pounds.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may borrow from time to time, on the credit of the said sum of thirty-seven million eight hundred and twenty-seven thousand two hundred and ninety-nine pounds any sum or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned m Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said Schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of fifty-six million one hundred and sixty-four thousand one hundred and seventy-two pounds fourteen shillings and tenpence are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the purposes and services expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

1884.

221

Appropriation Act, 1884. Ch. 7 3.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Agency)*8 Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to post- authorise pone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the expenditure usual course, each of the departments entrusted with the control provided over the said services shall forthwith make application in writing that the aggre-to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their authority ^eten^ran^rfor to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which Tieesu^fer may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expendi- the army ture upon votes within the same department, and in such application the department shall represent to the Commissioners of the exceeded. Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the said Commissioners to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that "such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Commissioners of the Treasury* shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the powers Sanction for vested in them by the Act of the session held in the forty-fifth and "^refor forty-sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter 1882-88 un- °r seventy-one, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the provided for. sums appropriated-by the said Act to certain votes for naval and

military services for the year ended od the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and., eighty-threo, to be temporarily defrayed out of the balances (including surpluses of appropriations in aid) unexpended in respect of the sums appropriated to certain other votes for naval and military Services for the said year; viz.,

1st. Expenditure of one hundred and fifty-one thousand nine hundred pounds seventeen shillings and tenpence for certain navy services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed out of the unexpended balances of certain votes for navy services, aided by the sum.realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid.

2d. Expenditure of one hundred and seventeen thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine pounds eight shillings and five-pence for certain army services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed out of the unexpended balances of certain votes for

222 Ch. 73. Appropriation, 1384; 47 & 48 Vror.

army services, aided by the sum realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

It is enacted, that the application of the said sums is hereby saner* tioned.

Declaration 6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be required incer- made in pursuance of this Act for half pay, or army, navy, or civil leforerSei t n0n'eff(9ctive services until he has subscribed such declaration as of sums^ppro- time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Com-

priated. missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury before one of the persons

prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

Short title of 7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act* Act, 1884,

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

£ #.

Grants ont of the Consolidated Fund - - 56, 164, 172 14 10

SCHEDULE Appropriation op Grants.

1883-84.

Part 1. Civil Services Deficiencies, 1882-83, 2. Civil Services and Revenue departments (Supplementary) 1883-84 -

, 3. Navy (Supplementary) 1883-84, 4. Army (Supplementary) 1883-84, 6; Afghan War’(Grant in Aid) (Supplementary)

£ d. 1, 526 14 10

365, 029 0 0 147, 200 0 0 370, 900 0 0

500,000 0 0

1884-85.

, 6. Navy -, 7. Army

8. Civil Services, , Class I.

, 9. Ditto, Class H.

, 10. Ditto, Class HI.

, 11. Ditto, Class IY._

, 12. Ditto, Class Y.

, 13. Ditto, Class YI.

, 14. Ditto*. Class YH.

Total Civil Services

1, 803, 802

2, 409, 134

6, 414, 813

4, 860, 433

673, 822

1, 180, 414

36, 694

, 15. Revenue departments, &o.

, 16. Advances for Greenwich Hospital and School, 17. Afghan War (Grant in Aid) -

, 18. Relief of General Gordon (Vote of Credit)

£ 8.

1, 384, 655 14 10

10, 811, 770 0 0 15, 930, 600 0 0

17, 379, 112 0 0

9, 952, 028 0 0 156, 007 0 0

250.000 0 0

300.000 0 0

56, 164, 172 14 10

1884. Appropriation Act, 1884* Ch. 78. 228

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.,

For the service of the years ending 31st March 1883 and 1884; vis.: —

Under Act 47 Vict. c. 4; -

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1885 Under Act 47 Vict. c. 4.

Under Act 47 Vict. c. 15.

Under this Act' -

£ 8. d. 1, 384, 655 14 10

10, 432, 850 0 0 6, 519, 368 0 0 37, 827, 299 0 0

Total

- 56, 164, 172 14 10

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Civil Services Deficiencies, 1882-83.

Schedule of Sums granted to make good deficiencies on the several grants herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1883; viz.:—

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class II. Board of Trade - to £ s. d. 1, 330 16 5

Record Office - ... 40 0 8

Fishery Board, Scotland -Household, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland m m . 104 7 6

m - 33 5 6

Class VII.

Temporary Commissions - m m m - 18 4 9

Total m m - - 1, 526 14 10

SCHEDULE (B,) — Part 2.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments Supplementary, 1883-84.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.

CIVIL SERVICES. Class I.

Royal Parks and Pleasure Gardens "Public Buildings, Great Britain Public Offices Site Metropolitan Police Court Buildings New Courts of Justice and Offices Shannon Navigation -Lighthouses Abroad <* *

m

Class II.

Treasury -

Home Office -

Bankruptcy Department of the Board of Trade Charity Commission -Local Government Board The Mint -

Patent Office •* - ~

Stationeiy and Printing Secret Service -

Local Government Board, Ireland -Public Works Office, Ireland -

1, 454

7, 862

11, 901

290

5, 005

2, 003

1,000

1, 766

500

100

2, 350

7, 950

5,000

1, 453

30, 629

10,000

2, 733

10,000

I

224

Ch. 73.

Appropriation Act, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict.

Class III.

Chancery Division and Supreme Court Central Office* Supreme Court County Courts -

Police, Great Britain - -, - .

Convict Establishments in England and Colonies Reformatory, &c. Schools, Great Britain Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum Law Charges, Ac., Ireland -Supreme Court of Judicature, Ireland Irish Land Commission -County Codrt Officers, Ireland *

Dublin Metropolitan Police -Prisons, Ireland -

Class IV.

London University ..... South Wales University College ...

Class V.

Diplomatic Services

Consular Services -

Suppression of the Slave Trade ...

Tonnage Bounties and Liberated African Department Suez Canal (British Directors)

Grants in Aid of Expenditure in certain Colonies South Africa and St. Helena -

Subsidy to Castle Mail Packets Company

Class VL

Superannuation and Retired Allowances -Class'VII. "

Repayments to Civil Contingencies Fund

Total Civil Services

425

985

9, 916

5, 100

100

4, 700

730

15, 090

1, 194

1, 654

1,000

18,000

2, 110

335

2,000

27, 600

1,000

5, 485

1, 207

155

13, 700

11, 327

8,000

4, 200

7, 020

245, 029

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Post Office -

Post Office Packet Service -

102,000

18,000

Total Revenue Department -

120,000

Grand Total

365, 029

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Nayy (Supplementary), 1883-84.

For defraying additional Expenditure arising out of mil itary operations in Egypt, £

incurred during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1884 beyond the Sums granted by Parliament - - . - 147, 200

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Army (Supplementary), 1883-84.

For defraying additional Expenditure inourred during the year ended on the £ 31st day of Maroh 1884, for Army Services ..... 370, 900

Ch. 73.

1834.:Appropriation Act, 1884.

225

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

Afghan War (Grant in Aid) (Supplementary), 1883-84.

For the payment of a fifth instalment of a grant in aid of the Expenditure £ incurred by the Government of India upon the war in Afghanistan in the years 1878-80, which became payable during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1884 500,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31.st day of March 1885; viz.: —

No.

1. For wages, &c. to 56, 950 seamen and marines -

2. For victuals and clothing for seamen and marines -

3. For the expenses of the Admiralty Office -

4. For the expense of the coast guard service, the royal naval reserve,

and seamen and marine pensioners reserve, and royal naval artillery volunteers -

5. For the expense of the several scientific departments of the navy

6. For the expense of the dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad

7. For the expense of the victualling yards at home and abroad -

8. For the expense of the medical establishments at home and abroad

9. For the expense of the Marine Divisions ...

(10. Sect. 1. For naval stores for building, repairing, and outfitting the fleet and coast guard -

, Sect. 2. For steam machinery, and ships built by contract, &c.

11. For new works, buildings, machinery, and repairs in the naval estab bailments .......

12. For medicines, medical stores, &c.

13. For martial law, &c.

14. For the expense of various miscellaneous services 15. For half pay, reserved half pay, and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines -

(16. Sect. 1. For military pensions and allowances -, Sect. 2. For civil pensions and allowances ...

17. For freight of ships, for the victualling and conveyance of troops, on account of the army department -

Sums not exceeding

2, 671, 800

870, 400

188, 600

196, 900

112, 670

1, 573, 600

70.900

66.400 21, 700

1, 124, 500

1, 040,000

481, 700

62, 500

10.400

116.900

853.900 889, 600 328, 400

130.900

Total Navy Services

10, 811, 770

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges for the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

L For the general staff and regimental pay, allowances, and charges of Her Majesty's land forces at home and abroad, exclusive of charges on India -

2. For divine service -

3. For administration of military law -

4. For medical establishments and services -

4, 230,000

57, 500

36, 800

303,000

226 Ch. 78. Apprep'dalion j4c*, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Sums not exceeding

No.

5. For the pay and allowances of a force of militia, not exceeding 136, 806

men, including 30,000 militiar reserve . -

6. For the yeomanry cavalry pay and allowances -

7. For the volunteer corps pay and allowances ....

8. For the pay and allowances Of a number of army reserve first class,

not exceeding 42, 500, and of the army reserve second class -

9. For commissariat, transport and ordnance store establishments, wages, &c.

10. For provisions, forage, fuel, transport and other services

11. For clothing establishments, services, and supplies - *

12. For the Supply, manufacture, and repair of warlike and other stores,

including establishments of manufacturing departments

13. For superintending establishment of, and expenditure for, works,

buildings, and repairs at home and abroad ....

14. For establishments for military education ....

15. For miscellaneous effective services .....

16. For the salaries and^ miscellaneous ^charges of the War Office

17. For rewards for distinguished services, «c., exclusive of charges on India

18. For half-pay, Ac., or field marshals, and of general, regimental, and

departmental officers, exclusive of charges on India -

19. For retired pay, retired foil pay, and gratuities, for reduced and retired

officers, including payments awarded by Army Purchase Commissioners, exclusive of charges on India *-

20. For widows'pensions and gratuities, for allowances on the compassionate

list, and for the relief fund, &c., exclusive of charges on India

21. For pensions and gratuities to officers for wounds

22. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners thereof -

23. For the out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for pensions granted to

discharged Negro soldiers, and for gratuities awarded in lieu of pensions, exclusive of charges on India -

24. For superannuation allowances -

25. For retired allowances, &c. to Officers of the militia, yeomanry, and

volunteer forces -

524, 006

69.000

568.500

343,000

438, 800

3, 058,000

782.500

1, 262, 500

740.500

127.200 31, 600

245.200 20, 300

77.000

1, 193, 900

120,000

17,000

33, 200

1, 411,000

190,000

50, 100

Total Abmy Services - £ 15, 930, 600

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of .March 1885; viz.: —

No.

1. For the maintenance and repair of the royal palaces ...

2, For the maintenance and repair of Marlborough House -

8. For the Toyal parks and pleasure gardens -

4. For the buildings of the Houses of Parliament (including a supplementary

sum of 3,000l.) -

5. For the maintenance and repair of public buildings in Great Britain and the Isle of Man, including various special works; for providing the necessary supply of water; for rents of houses hired for accommodation of public departments, and charges attendant thereon ...

6. For the acquisition of a site for the Admiralty and War Office, and

preliminary expenses, under the provisions of the Public Offices Site Act, 1882 - ......

7. For the supply and repair of furniture in the public departments of Great Britain . -

Sums not exceeding

36, 603

2, 169

111, 685

36, 063

146, 555

75, 009

16, 749

1884.

Appropriation Act, 1884. Ch. 73.

227

No.

8. For the expenses of the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph Buildings, in Great Britain, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services -

9* For new buildings for county courts, maintenance and repair of courts, supply of furniture, fuel, Ac., and for charges attendant thereon

10. For charges connected with Metropolitan Police Court Buildings -

11. For one half of the expense of erecting or improving court houses or

offices for the sheriff courts in Scotland, and the expense of maintaining the courts erected or improved -

12. For the purchase of a site, erection of building, and other expenses for the new courts of justice and offices belonging thereto - .

13. For the survey of the United Kingdom, including the revision of the

survey of Ireland, maps for use in proceedings before the Land Judges in Ireland, publication of maps, and engraving the ^eolqgical survey.

14. For erecting and maintaining new buildings, including rents, &c., for the Department of Science and Art -

15. For the maintenance and repair of the British Museum and Natural

History Museum buildings, for rents of premises, supply of water, fuel, Ac., and charges attendant thereon .....

16. For the erection and fittings of a Natural History Museum

17. For maintaining certain harbours, &c. under the Board of Trade -

18. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates in respect of Government

property, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department -

19. For contribution to the funds for the establishment and maintenance

of a fire brigade in the metropolis -

20. In aid of the cost of maintenance of disturnpiked and main roads in

England and Wales during the year ended on the 25th day of March 1884 ...

21 In aid of the cost of maintenance of disturnpiked roads in Scotland during the year ended Whitsuntide 1884 -

22. For erection, repairs, and maintenance of the several public works and

buildings under the department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and for the erection of fishery piers, and the maintenance of certain parks, harbours, and navigations -

23. For enclosing, adapting, and furnishing existing buildings purchased, and for additions to them for the purposes of the Royal University, Ireland

24. For expenses preparatory to, and of the erection, of the Museum of Science

and Art National Library, and of the School of Art and Lecture Theatre in Dublin -

25. For erecting and maintaining certain lighthouses abroad -

26. For diplomatic and consular buildings, including rents and furniture, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad ...

Total Civil Services, Class I.

Sums not exceeding

274, 116

33, 125

6, 549

10, 516

25, 469

' 242, 500 15, 429

8, 711

2, 400

9, 347

209, 740

10,000

215,000

35,000

203, 568

15, 650

5,000

10, 460

46, 416

1, 803, 802

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein ' particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Lords

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons -

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury

and in the office of the Parliamentary Counsel - -

Sums not exceeding

43, 846

51, 388

59, 609

223 Ch. 73. Appropriation Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Sums not exceeding

No. £

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices - 5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary 93, 113

of State for Foreign Affairs (including a supplementary sum of 5,000Z.) •6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain expenses connected with 72, 474

Emigration* - -7. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most 40, 411

Honourable Privy Council and subordinate departments 8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Lora Privy Seal 9. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council 43, 309 855

for Trade, and subordinate departments -10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for the requirements 114, 033

of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Act, 1883 -1L For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and 2, 377

Wales ---- 12. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission 13. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and 34, 811 32, 762

Auditor General, including the Chancery Audit Branch 14. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies 15. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Land Commissioners for England, and for defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in 58, 338 8, 592

matters of Inclosure and Drainage ..... 16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government' Board, including 23, 936

various grants in aid of local taxation -17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in 440, 757

England - 18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of the 15, 052

coinage - 19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office - 20. For charges connected with the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act 21. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Paymaster 69, 307 15, 557 35, 178

General in London and Dublin ...... •22. For salaries and expenses of the establishments under the Public Works 26, 503

Loan Commissioners ---- 23. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England - 24s. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of 9, 578 22, 378

Births, &c. in England ....... 25. For stationery, printing, and paper, binding, and printed books, for the several departments of Government in England, Scotland, and Ireland, and some dependencies, and for the two Houses of Parliament; for the salaries and expenses of the Establishment of the Stationery Office, and the oost of Stationery Office publications, and of the Gazette Officesj and for sundry miscellaneous services, including a grant in aid of the 48, 012

publication of Parliamentary Debates -26. For salaries and expenses of the office of Woods, Forests, and Land 541, 200

Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -27. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her 23, 340

Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -28. In aid of the Mercantile Marine Fund -:29. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services ... :S0. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Queen’s and Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer in Exchequer, Scotland, of certain officers 48, 134 40.000 33.000

in Scotland, and other charges formerly on the hereditary revenue 31. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland, and for grants 6, 310

in aid of piers or quays - 32. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland 33. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of 17, 829 5, 954

Births, &c. in Scotland ---- 34. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Supervision for Relief of the Poor, and for expenses under the Public Health and Vaccination Acts, 5, 777

including certain grants in aid of local taxation in Scotland 28, 518

.1884.

Appropriation, 1884.

Ce. 73.

229

Sums not exceeding

No.

35. For salaries of the officers and attendants of the household of the Lord

Lieutenant of Ireland and other expenses ....

36. For salaries and expenses of the offioes of the Chief Secretary to the Lord

Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments -

37. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable

Donations and Bequests for Ireland .....

38. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland,

including various grants in aid of local taxation ...

39. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland

40. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Keeper

of the State Papers in Ireland -

41. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General

of Births, Ac., and for expenses of the collection of agricultural and emigration statistics in Ireland -

42. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey

of Ireland -

Total Civil Sehvices, Class II.

7, 429

42, 154

2, 137

139, 544

57, 997

6, 410

16, 120

25, 093

2, 409, 134

SCHEDULE (B.)~Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of-Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers, the salaries and expenses of the depart-

ment of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and of the department of the Queen’s Proctor for divorce interventions, the [costs of prosecutions, including those relating to the coin, and to bank- j ruptcy, and of other legal proceedings conducted by those depart- j ments, and various other legal expenses, including Statute Law Revision and Parliamentary Agency -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Director of Public j

Prosecutions -

3. For criminal prosecutions at assizes and quarter sessions in England, and for adjudications under the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, for sheriffs; expenses, salaries to clerks of assize and other officers, compensation to 1 11 clerks of the peace and others, and for expenses incurred under Extradition Treaties

4. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judica-

ture as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund

5. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Wreck Commissioner

6. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts

7. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Land Registry -

8. For the expense of revising barristers in England - - 1

9. For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London and Sheerness - t

10. For contribution toward the expenses of the metropolitan police, and of,

the horse patrol, and Thames police, and for the salaries of the Commissioner, Assistant Commissioners, and Receiver 10a. For the expenses of police engaged in special duties

11. For certain expenses connected with the police in counties and boroughs

in England and Wales, and with the police in Scotland -

12. For the expenses of the Directors of convict establishments in England

and the Colonies, and of the convict establishments under their control -

81, 651

3, 907

169, 764

419, 822

13, 578

446, 726

5, 442

18, 690

15, 023

529, 875

12,000

970, 228

405, 109

230

Cm 73.

Appropriation 1884.

47 & 48 VICT.

No.

13. For the expenses of the Prisons Commissioners, England, and of the

prisons under their control -

14. For the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and

day industrial schools in Great Britain, and for the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Reformatories -

15. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic

Asylum, England, and of one criminal lunatio in Bethlem Hospital

16. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s department and others

connected with criminal proceedings in Scotland, including certain allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83. -

17. For salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland

and other legal charges -

18. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's General Register

House, Edinburgh -

19. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the

prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial statistics -

20. For the expense of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland,

inoluding certain allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83.

21. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature

in Ireland as are not chargea on the Consolidated Fund

22. For salaries and incidental expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland

23. For salaries and expenses of the Admiralty Court Registry in Ireland

24. For salaries and expenses of the Office for the Registration of Deeds in

Ireland - - .

25. For salaries and expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments

in Ireland -

26. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission

(including a supplementary sum of 25, 3401.) ....

27. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers,

and of magistrates in Ireland, and of the revising barristers of the city of Dublin (including a supplementary sum of 1, 0961.)

28. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioners of Police, of the police

courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin

29. For the expenses of the Constabulary Force in Ireland

30. For the expense of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the

prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals -

31. For the expenses of reformatories and industrial schools in Ireland

32. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal Lunatio

Asylum, Ireland -

Sums not exceeding

474, 869

274, 957

28, 772

68, 801

62, 657

36, 603

109, 897

99, 031

90, 066

10, 061

1, 285

18, 670

2, 313

113, 430

96, 837

146, 094

1, 440, 095

149, 980

96, 944

6, 566

Total Civil Services, Class III.

6, 414, 813

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

No.

1. For public education in England and Wales, including the expenses of the

Education Office in London ......

2. For salaries and expenses of the Department , ‘of Science and Art, and of

the establishments connected therewith -

Sums not exceeding

3, 016, 167

364, 825

1884.

Appropriation, 1884. Ch. 73,

281

Sums not exceeding

3. $W salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including the amount

required for the Natural History Museum -

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery - .

5. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery.

6. For grants in aid of the expenditure of certain learned societies in Great Britain and Ireland - - .- ..

7. For salaries and expenses of the University of London -

8. In aid of the expenses of University Colleges, Wales (including a supple-

mentary sum of 2, 500Z.) -

9. For preparing an account of the scientific results of the expedition, of Her Majesty's ship " Challenger" in 1873, 1874, 1875, and 1876, ter investigate the physical and biological conditions of the great ocean basins, and of arranging the collections made during the expedition -

10. For the salaries and expenses connected with observations of the Transit

of Venus 1882 - - .

11. For publio education in Scotland -

12. For grants to Scottish Universities -

13. For the annuity to the Board of Trustees of manufactures in Scotland, in

discharge of equivalents under the Treaty of Union, to be applied in maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, and for the exhibition of the Torrie Collection of Works of Art, and for other purposes -

13a. For a contribution towards the cost of the purchase of a site for the erection of a Scottish National Portrait Gallery and Museum of Antiquities - .

14. For publio education under the Commissioners of National Education in

Ireland -

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National School Teachers* Superan-

nuation Office, Dublin -

16. For the salary and expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of

Education in Ireland appointed for the regulation of endowed schools

17. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, and for the purchase of pictures -

18. In aid of the expenses of the Queen’s Colleges in Ireland-

19. In aid of the expenses of the Royal Irish Academy -

162, 133

16, 643

2, 407

23, 400

12, 346

10, 500

5, 752

355

475, 413

19, 031

2, 100

5,000

732, 627

1, 995

* 670

2, 241

14, 378

2, 450

Total Civil Services, Glass IV.

4, 860, 433

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, Which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad (including

a supplementary sum of 35,000Z.) -

2. For consular establishments abroad, and for other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote (including a supplementary sum of 2, 910Z.)

3. For the expenses incurred under treaties with foreign powers for sup-

pressing the traffic in slaves, and for other services in connexion with that object (including a supplementary sum of 11, 080Z.)

4. For tonnage bounties, bounties on slaves, costs of captors, Ac., and expenses

of the Liberated African Department -

247, 975

255, 402

28, 670

7, 420

232

Ch. 73.

Appropriation Act, 1884.

47 & 48. Tier.

Sums not exceeding

No.

5. For salaries and expenses of the three representatives of Her Majesty’s

Government on the Council of Administration of the Sues Canal Com-

ply ...... -

6. In aid of colonial local revenue, and for the salaries and allowances of

governors, Ac., and for other charges connected with the colonies, including expenses incurred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875 ......

7. For certain charges connected with the Orange River Territory, the

Transvaal, Zululand, and the island of St. Helena, and the High Commissioner for South Africa (including a supplementary sum of 30,000l.)

8. For the subsidy to the Eastern and South African Telegraph Company and for the salary of the Official Director -

9. In aid of the revenue of the island of Cyprus -

10. For a subsidy to the Castle Mail Packets Company -

2, 405

27, 951

39, 867

35, 300

15,000

13, 832

Total Civil Services, Class V.

673, 822

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

Sams not exceeding

No.

1. For superannuation and retired allowances to persons formerly employed

in the public service, and for compassionate or other special allowances and gratuities awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury -

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to their

widows and children -

3. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in England and

Wales -

4. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Scotland

5. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Ireland

6. For the support of certain hospitals and infirmaries in Ireland

7. For making good the deficiency arising from payments for interest to

friendly societies -

8. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain

9. For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland 10. For enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to contract

for the redemption of certain yearly allowances charged on the Consolidated Fund -

Total Civil Services, Class VI.

446, 828

22,000

461,000

84,000

94, 500

16, 747

48, 115

3, 101

3, 248

875

1, 180, 414

1884.

233

Appropriation Act, 1884. Ch. 73.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Suhs granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and incidental expenses of temporary commissions and committees, including special inquiries -

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses -

3. For expenses incurred in connexion with the funeral of His late Royal

Highness the Duke of Albany -

Sums not exceeding

26, 776

7, 193

2, 725

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

36, 694

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Suns granted to defray the chargee of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department -

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the' expenses of

Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the Post Office packet service -

5. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office telegraph service

Total Revenue Departments - - £

986, 951

1, 746, 615

4, 752, 517

731, 356

1, 734, 589

9, 952, 028

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 16.

Greenwich Hospital and School.

Advances during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885 for defraying the expenses of Greenwich Hospital and School -

156, 007

SCHEDULE (B.)~Part 17.

Afghan War (Grant in aid).

For paying an instalment of a grant in aid of the expenditure incurred by the Government of India upon the war in Afghanistan in the years 1878-80, which will become due and payable during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885 ......

250,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 18.

Relief of General Gordon (Vote of Credit).

For enabling Her Majesty to undertake operations for the relief of General Gordon, should they become necessary, and to make certain preparations in^esgect thereof (beyond the ordinary grants of Parliament for the year

300,000

234

[Short title.]

Restriction on recovery of penalties.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 60.

Certificate of registry made void by structural alterations. j

Penalty for contravention of regulations under Canal Boats Acts.

Enforcement of Act by registration and sanitary authority, and report to be made.

Inquiries and reports by Local Government Board.

Gil -74, 75. Public Health (Office) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 VICT.

CHAPTER 74.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, with Tespect to the Officers of Local Authorities.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most. Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Officers) Act, 1884, and shall be. construed as one with the Public Health Act, 1875, in this Act called the principal Act.

2. Proceedings for the recovery of any penalty under the hundred and ninety-third section of the principal Act shall not be taken except with the consent in writing of the Attorney-GeneraL

CHAPTER 75.

An Act to amend the Canal Boats Act, 1877.

[14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Canal Boats Act, 1877, yyin this Act referred to as the principal Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L A certificate of registration granted under the principal Act shall cease to be in force in the event of any structural alterations having been made in the canal boat affecting the conditions upon which the certificate of registration has been obtained.

2. If default is made in complying with any of the regulations made or to be made by the Local Government Board and Education Department under the principal Act or this Act, and for the time being in force, the master of the boat with respect to which the default is made, and also the owner of the boat, if in default, shall for each default be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty shillings.

3. It shall be the duty of every registration or sanitary authority within whose district any canal, or any part of a canal is situate, to enforce within such district the provisions of the principal Act and this Act, and any regulations made thereunder by the Local Government Board; and every such authority shall, within twenty-one days after the thirty-first day of December in every year, make a report to the Local Government Board as to the execution of the principal Act and this Act, and of the regulations made thereunder as aforesaid, and as to the steps taken by such authority during 'the year to give effect to the provisions of the said Acts and regulations.

4. The Local Government Board shall in every year present a report to both Houses of Parliament as to the execution of the principal Act and this Act, and the observance of the regulations

235

1884. Canal Boats Act, 1884. Cm 75.

made by them thereunder; and shall cause inquiries to be made from time to time by an inspector or inspectors to be appointed by them for that purpose.

Such inspectors shall for the purpose of any inquiry under this Act have, in relation to witnesses and their examination, the production of papers, and inspection of places and matters required to be inspected, similar powers to those which poor law inspectors have under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor for the purposes of those Acts, and may enter any canal boat at any time by dav, and examine the same and every part thereof, and may, if need be, for the purpose of such inquiry detain the boat, but for no longer time than is necessary.

The master of the boat shall, if required by any such inspector,

produce to him the certificate of registry, if any, of the boat, and permit him to examine and copy the same, and shall furnish him with such assistance and means as such inspector may require for the purpose of his entry and examination of and departure from the boat in pursuance of this section.

A refusal to comply with the requisition of such inspector under this section shall be deemed to be an obstruction of such inspector.

If such inspector is obstructed in the performance of his duty under this Act, the person obstructing him shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

5. The power to make regulations given to the Local Govern- Power to make ment Board by the principal Act and this Act shall include power Jo^h^T^r-to the Education Department to make regulations with respect to tificates, &c. the form of certificates or pass books as to attendance at school to

be used by children in canal boats.

6. The Education Department shall every year report to Parlia- Annual report ment as to the manner in which the Elementary Education Acts, Department1 1870 and 1873, 1876 and 1880, are enforced with respect to children

in canal boats, and shall for that purpose direct Her Majesty's Inspector of Schools to communicate with the School Boards and School Attendance Committees in their district.

7. A canal boat shall not be deemed to be lettered, marked, and Lettering ami numbered in conformity with section three of the principal Act,

unless it is so lettered, marked, and numbered on both sides of the canal boat, or in some suitable position on the stern of the boat, so that the lettering, marking, and numbering may be plainly visible from both sides of the canal whereon the boat may be.

8. Every fine recovered under the principal Act or this Act shall Application of be paid in the case of a prosecution by any registration or sanitary ue8‘ authority or person authorised by any such authority to such authority or person, and if paid to such person shall be paid by him

to such authority, and shall be applied towards the expenses of executing the principal Act and this Act, any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

9. The expression "by day " in the principal Act and this Act of

shall be deemed to include the hours Detween six o’clock in the *by morning and nine o’clock at night.

10. If it shall at any time appear to the Local Government Amendment of Board, on the representation of any registration or sanitary authority or of any inspector appointed under this Act, that the principal

236

Short title and construction of Act.

Short titles.

7 Will. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 86. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 20.

7 Will. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 36.

[Commencement of Act.]

Prohibition of placing injurious substances in or against post office letter boxes.

Ch. 75, 76. Canal Boats Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

Act and this Act ought to apply to any vessel or class of vessels which would be within the definition of canal boat contained in section fourteen of the principal Act, if such vessel or class of vessels were not registered under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the Acts amending the same, the Local Government Board may declare that the principal Act and this Act shall apply to such vessel or class of vessels, although the same may be registered as aforesaid, and thereupon the same shall be deemed to be a canal boat or canal boats within the meaning of the principal Act and this Act, and the definition contained in section fourteen of the principal Act shall be amended accordingly.

1L This Act may be cited as the Canal Beats Act, 1884, and shall be construed as one with the Canal Boats Act, 1877, which Act and this Act may be cited together as the Canal Boats Acts, 1877 and 1884.

CHAPTER 76.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Protection of the Post Office and to Offences committed in relation to the Post Office.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884.

This Act and the Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837, may be cited together as the Post Office (Offences) Acts, 1837 and 1884, and this Act and the Post Office (Management) Acts, 1837 to 1881, may be cited together as the Post Office (Management) Acts, 1837 to 1884.

This Act shall be deemed to be a Post Office Act within the meaning of the Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four (which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act).

Protection of Post Offices, Postal Packets, and Stamps.

3. A person shall not place or attempt to place in or against any post office letter box any fire, any match, any light, any explosive substance, any dangerous substance, any filth, any noxious or deleterious substance, or any fluid, and shall not commit a nuisance in or against any post office letter box, and shall not do or attempt to do anything likely to injure the box, appurtenances, or contents.

Any person who acts in contravention of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on conviction on indictment.

237

1884.

Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884. Ch. 76.

to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a period not exceeding twelve months.

4. — (1.) A person shall not send or attempt to send a postal Prohibition of

packet which either — pStSpiori? *

(a.) Encloses any explosive substance, any dangerous substance, inflammable, any filth, any noxious or deleterious substance, any sharp in- or deleterious strument not properly protected, any living creature which is indeclmtprint* either noxious or likely to injure other postal packets in course words, &£. of conveyance or an officer of the post office, or any article, or See 3 & 4 thing whatsoever which is likely to injure either other postal 96‘ packets in course of conveyance or an officer of the Post Office; or

(b.) Encloses any indecent or obscene print, painting, photograph, lithograph, engraving, book, or card, or any indecent or obscene article, whether similar to the above or not; or

(c.) Has on such packet, or on the cover thereof, any words, marks, or designs of an indecent, obscene, or grossly offensive character.

(2.) Any person who acts in contravention of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a period not exceeding twelve months.

(3.) The detention in the post office of any postal packet on the ground of its being in contravention of this section, shall not exempt the sender thereof from any proceedings which might have been taken if the same had been delivered in due course of post.

5. — (1.) A person shall not, without due authority, affix or Prohibition of

attempt to affix any placard, advertisement, notice, list, document, P]f-

, .1 J r ., ’, a* . as, , cards, notices,

board, or thing on, or paint or tar any post office, post office letter &c< on po8t

box, telegraph post, or other property belonging to or used by or on office or letter behalf of the Postmaster General, and shall not in any way disfigure box> &c-any such office, box, post, or property; and, notwithstanding anything in section nine of the Parliamentary and Municipal Regis- 41 & 42 Vict, tration Act, 1878, a notice or list referred to in that section shall c-86- 9 *

not be affixed in or on any post office or any such property without authority from the Postmaster General; and where the Postmaster General is of opinion that any such notice or list cannot be so affixed without obstruction or inconvenience to the business of the post office, he may refuse such authority.

(2.) A person who acts in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

6. — (1.) A person shall not, without due authority, — Prohibition

(a.) make, issue, or send by post or otherwise any envelope, of imitation of

wrapper, card, form, or paper in imitation of one issued by or

under the authority of the Postmaster General, or of any foreign velopes, forms,

or colonial postal authority, or having thereon any words, let- and marks.

ters, or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead

the recipient to believe that a post letter bearing the same is

sent on Her Majesty's service; or

(6.) make on any envelope, wrapper, card, form, or paper for the purpose of being issued or sent by post or otherwise, or otherwise used, any mark in imitation of or similar to or purporting

238

Prohibition of

fictitious

stamps.

Prohibition of false notice as to reception of letters.

Ch. 76. Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Yicrr.

to be espy stamp or mark of any post, office under the Post* master General, or under any foreign or colonial postal authority, or any words, letters, or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead the recipient thereof to believe that a post letter bearing the same is sent on Her Majesty's service; or . (c,) issue or send by post or otherwise any envelope, wrapper, :card, form, or paper so marked.

(2.) A person who acts in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

7. A person shall not —

(a.) Make, knowingly utter, deal in or sell any fictitious stamp, or knowingly use for any postal purpose any fictitious stamp; or

(6.) Have in his possession, unless he shows a lawful excuse, any fictitious stamp; or

(c.) Make, or, unless he shows a lawful excuse, have in his possession, any die, plate, instrument, or materials for making any fictitious stamp.

Any person who acts in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction on a prosecution by order of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, subject to the like right of appeal as in the case of a penalty under the Acts relating to the excise.

Any stamp, die, plate, instrument, or materials found in the possession of any person in contravention of this section, may be seized and shall be forfeited.

For the purposes of this section " fictitious stamp" means any facsimile or imitation or representation, whether on paper or otherwise, of any stamp for denoting any rate of postage, including any stamp for denoting a rate of postage of any of Her Majesty's colonies, or of any foreign country.

8. — (1.) A person shall not, without authority from the Postmaster General, place or maintain in or on any house, wall, door, window, box, post, pillar, or other place belonging to him or under his control any of the words, letters, or marks following; (that is to say,)

(a.) the words "post office, " or " postal telegraph office; " or

(6.) the words "letter box, " accompanied with words, letters, or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead the public to believe that it is a post office letter box; or

(c.) any words, letters, or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead the public to believe that any house or place is a post office, or that any box is a post office letter box, and a person, when required by a notice given by the Postmaster General to remove or efface any such words, letters, or marks as aforesaid, or to remove or effectually close up any letter box belonging to him or under his control which has been a post office letter box, shall comply with such request.

(2.) Any person who acts in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and if the offence is continued after a previous conviction.

1884. Post Office (Protection) ^4^1884. Off. 7-6. 289

to a fine not exceeding five shillings for every day during which the offence so continues.

Officers of Post Office.

9. — (1.) Any person who wilfullyobstruots, or incites anyone to obstruct, an officer of the post office in the, execution of his duty, or who whilst in any post office or within any premises belonging to any post office, or used therewith, obstructs the course of business of the post office, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(2.) Any officer of the post office may require any person guilty of an offence under this section to leave a post office or any such premises as aforesaid, and if such person refuses or faffs to comply, with such request, such person shall be liable to a further fine not exceeding five pounds, and may be removed by any officer of the post office, and all constables are required on demand to remove or assist in removing every such person.

10. Where an officer of the post office vacates his office (whether by reason of. dismissal, resignation, death, or otherwise) he, or if he is dead his personal representative, or the person acting as his personal representative, shall deliver to such superior officer of the post office as may for the time being be directed by or in pursuance of the regulations of the Postmaster General, all articles (whether accoutrements, appointments, or other necessaries) which have been issued to the said officer vacating his office for the execution of his duty, and are not, under the regulations of the Postmaster General, the property of such officer, and shall deliver the same up at the time and place fixed by the superior officer to whom they are to be delivered, and shall deliver the same in good order and condition, fair wear and tear only excepted.

Any person who fails to comply with the provisions of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to pay a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and also such further sum not exceeding forty shillings as the court may determine to be the value of the articles not delivered, or, if the same have been delivered, but not in good order and condition, of the damage done to such articles.

Any justice of the peace may issue a warrant by virtue of which a constable may search for and seize any articles not delivered as required by this section, in like manner in all respects as if they were stolen goods and the warrant were a warrant to search for stolen goods.

Commission of offences in post office, and obstruction of officers of post office.

Surrender of clothing by officer of post office on ceasing to be officer.

Telegrams.

1L Every person who forges or wilfully and without due autho- Forgery, and rity alters a telegram or utters a telegram knowing the same to be improper dis-forged, or wilfully and without due authority altered, or who transmits by telegraph as a telegram, or utters as a telegram, any message or communication which he knows to be not a telegram, shall, whether he had or had not an intent to defraud, be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and, on conviction on indictment, to

240-

Ch. 76. Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

imprisonment with or without hard labour for a period not exceeding twelve months.

If any person, being in the employment of a telegraph company as defined by this section —

Improperly divulges to any person the purport of any telegram; such person shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and on conviction on indictment to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one year, or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

For the purposes of this section the expression "telegram" means a written or printed message or communication sent to or delivered at a post office, or the office of a telegraph company, for transmission by telegraph, or delivered by the post office or a telegraph company as a message or communication transmitted by telegraph.

The expression "telegraph company" means any company, corporation, or persons carrying on the business of sending telegrams for the public under whatever authority or in whatever manner such company, corporation, or persons may act or be constituted.

The expression "telegraph " has the same meaning as in the Telegraph Act, 1869, " and the Acts amending the same.

Recovery of fines.

42 & 48 Vict. c. 49.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 53.

44 & 45 Vict. | «. 33.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Miscellaneous Amendments as to Offences.

12. — (1.) All offences under this Act which are punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted, and fines under this Act which are recoverable on summary conviction may be recovered,

(a.) In England in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction (English) Acts; and (6.) In Scotland before the sheriff or sheriff substitute in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881, and all necessary jurisdiction is hereby conferred on such sheriff and sheriff substitute; and (c.) In Ireland within the police district of Dublin metropolis, in manner provided by the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district or of the police of such district, and elsewhere in Ireland in manner provided by the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending the same; and

(d.) In the Isle of Man before a high bailiff or two justices of the peace at the instance of an officer of the post office or of a constable in accordance with the law for the time being in force for regulating the exercise of summary jurisdiction by such bailiffs or justices; and (e.) In the Channel Islands, or elsewhere than in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, before the court and in the manner provided by law, and if no provision is otherwise made by law, then at the instance of any officer of the post office before the court and in the manner before and in which the like offences and fines can be prosecuted and recovered.

(2.) In Scotland offences and fines which may be prosecuted and recovered on summary conviction in pursuance of this Act may be prosecuted and recovered, and proceedings may be taken at the

1884.

Ch. 76.

241

Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884.

instance of the procurator fiscal of the court as part of his official duty, or of any person on that behalf authorised by the Postmaster General.

(3.) Every offence under the Post Office Acts which is punishable with a pecuniary penalty or forfeiture of any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, whether with or without full costs of suit and expenses may be prosecuted, and such penalty, forfeiture, costs, and expenses may be recovered and the payment thereof enforced in manner in this section mentioned with respect to offences and fines under this Act.

(4.) Any offence punis able on indictment under this Act, whether it is or not also punishable on summary conviction, shall be deemed to be an indictable offence under the post office laws within the meaning of the First Schedule to the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, and the schedule to the Summary Jurisdiction over Children (Ireland) Act, 1884.

(5.) On the prosecution of any offence under the Post Office Acts, whether on summary conviction or on indictment, evidence that any article is in the course of transmission by post or has been accepted on behalf of the Postmaster General for transmission by post shall be sufficient evidence that such article is a postal packet.

13. The court in England before whom a person is convicted on summary conviction of an offence under any of the Post Office Acts shall have the same power as a court of summary jurisdiction has in England under section four of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879 (which relates to the mitigation of punishment).

The court before whom a person is convicted on indictment of an offence under any enactment of the Post Office Acts may mitigate the punishment fixed by such enactment for the offence as follows; that is to say, where the punishment mentioned in the enactment is, or may be transportation the court shall award in lieu of it either penal servitude for any period not exceeding the period of transportation fixed by such enactment, and not less than the minimum period of penal servitude for the time being allowed by law, or imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding two years.

14. All pecuniary penalties, forfeitures, fines, and other sums recovered in respect of an offence under the Post Office Acts shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be paid into the Exchequer in such manner as the Treasury from time to time direct.

Supplemental.

15. Any instrument requiring to be executed by the Postmaster General, or to which he la a party, may be executed by any of the secretaries of the Post Office in the name of the Postmaster General, and, if so executed, shall be deemed to have been executed by the Postmaster General, and shall have effect accordingly.

Any instrument purporting to be executed by any of the secretaries of the Post Office in the name of the Postmaster General shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been so

42 & 43 Vict c. 49.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 19.

Power to mitigate punishment. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. s. 4.

Application of fines.

Execution of instruments of the Postmaster General.

242

Saving clause as to liability.

Substitution of 32 & 33 Vict. c .18. s. 1. in 41 & 42 Vict. c. 76. for 31 & 32 Vict. c. 119. s. 33.

Extent of Act.

Definitions for the purposes of 7W.4.&

1 Vict. c. 36.

Ok 76. Post Office (Protection), 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

executed without proof of the official character of the person appearing to have executed the same.

16. This Act shall not exempt any person from any proceeding by indictment or otherwise for an offence which is punishable at common law, or under any Act other than this Act, so that no person be tried or punished twice for the same offence.

When proceedings are taken before any court against a person in respect of an offence under this Act, which is also an offence punishable at common law, or under some Act other than this Act, the court may direct that instead of such proceedings being continued proceedings shall be taken for punishing such person at common law, or under some Act other than this Act

17. Whereas by sections four and five of the Telegraph Act, 1878, section thirty-three of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1868, is, together with other sections of that Act, applied to the differences therein mentioned:

And whereas the said section thirty-three was repealed, and another section in lieu thereof enacted by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1869, and it is expedient to substitute a reference to the last-mentioned section for the reference to the repealed section: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

Any reference in the Telegraph Act, 1878, to section thirty-three of the Regulation-of Railways Act, 1868, shall be construed to refer to section one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1869.

18. This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man and to the Channel Islands, and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register the same accordingly.

19. — (1.) In this Act and in the Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837 and in any enactments incorporating or referring to that Act, or to be construed as one therewith, the following expressions shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings assigned to them by this section; (that is to say,)

The expression "post letter " shall mean a postal packet, as defined by this Act, from the time of its being delivered to a post office to the time of its being delivered to the person to whom it is addressed and a delivery of a postal packet of any description to a letter carrier or other person authorised to receive postal packets of that description for the post shall be a delivery to the post office, and a delivery at the house or office of the person to whom the postal packet is addressed, or to him or to his servant or agent, or other person considered to be authorised to receive the postal packet according to the usual manner of delivering that person’s postal packets, shah be a delivery to the person addressed.

The expression "post office " shall mean any house, building, room, carriage, or place where postal packed, as defined by this Act, or any of them, are by the permission or under the authority of the Postmaster General, received, delivered, sorted, or made up, or from which such packets, or any of them, are by the authority of the Postmaster General despatched, and shall include any post office letter box.

The expression "post office letter box" shall include any pillar box, wall box, or other box or receptacle provided by the permission.

243

1884. Post Office (Protection, 1*884. Ch. 76.

or tinder the authority of the Postmaster General for the purpose of receiving postal packets, or any of them, for transmission by or under the authority of the Postmaster General.

(2.) Where it appears to the Postmaster General that any post office letter box, by reason of being on the premises of any private person or otherwise, is so situate as not to afford the same Security against the improper removal of postal packets therefrom or other fraud as exists in the case of other post office letter boxes, he may declare that the same shall be a private posting box, and shall affix upon or near such box a notice of its being and of the effect of its being a private posting box, and a postal packet put into that box shall not for the purpose of any enactment, law, or contract whereby the due posting of a postal packet is evidence of the receipt thereof by the addressee be deemed to have been duly posted.

A certificate purporting to be signed by the Postmaster General or any secretary or assistant secretary of the post office and to the effect that any box or receptacle is or was provided by the permission or under the authority of the Postmaster General for the purpose of receiving postal packets, or any of them, shall in any legal proceeding be evidence of the facts stated in the certificate.

20. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "the Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

The expression "postal packet " has the same meaning as in the Post Office Act, 1875, as amended by this Act, inclusive of such postal packets as are defined by regulations of the Treasury to be parcels, and includes a telegram.

The expression "telegraph post" means a post, pole, standard, stay, strut, or other above ground contrivance for carrying, suspending or supporting a telegraph as defined by the Telegraph Act, 1869.

The expression "indictment " includes an information, and in the case of Scotland criminal letters.

The expression "misdemeanor" means as regards Scotland and the Channel Islands a crime and offence.

Other expressions shall have the same meaning as in the Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

21. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, as from the commencement of this Act, to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned. Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

(1.) Anything done or suffered before the commencement of this Act: or

(2.) Any legal proceeding, warrant, or other thing commenced, issued, or done before th3 commencement of this Act in pursuance of any enactment hereby repealed, and any such legal proceeding, warrant, or thing, may be carried on, executed, and completed, as if this Act had not passed.

Definitions.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 22. s. 10.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict. c. 73.

7 Will. 4. &

1 Vict c. 36.

Repeal.

244

Section 21.

Ch. 7G. Post Ojjice (Protection), 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act in this schedule is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first and last mentioned or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion described in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter.

Extent of Repeal.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 36.

Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 22. -42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

44 & 45 Vict 45 Vict. c. 20. -44 & 45 Vict. c. 33.

Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840.

The Post Office Act, 1875.

The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

The Post Office (Land) Act, 1881. The Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1881.

Section five.

Section thirteen, from ‘ and any such justice shall " to " shall be sooner paid, " and from " for the county or place " to the end of the section.

Section fourteen.

Section fifteen.

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen.

Section nineteen.

Section twenty.

Section twenty-one.

Section twenty-two.

Section thirty-two.

Section forty-one from " not less than seven" to "four years" and from "nor less than seven years, " to the end of the section.

Section forty-two from "and may also direct" to the end of the section.

Section forty-three from "and on due proof being made " to " shall be satisfied."

Section forty-five, so far as relates to any proceeding before a court of summary jurisdiction in England.

Section forty-seven from " and the term post letter shall mean" down to "sorted, made up, or despatched."

Section twenty-two from "not less than seven years " to the end of the section.

Section twenty-nine the words "not less than two years

Section thirty the words "nor less than six calends months ".

Section sixty-two.

Section ten, from "everypostal packet shall" to the end of the section.

Section fifty-three, from " ererjr offence under the statutes down to " provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

Section seven.

Section eleven, from " ever£ offence under the statutes down to " provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

1884. Public Health (Ireland)Amendment Act, 1884. Ch. 77.

245

CHAPTER 77.

An Act to amend the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, with reference to Sanitary Districts.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Ireland) Amend- Short title, ment Act, 1884, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

2. Where the sanitary authority of an urban sanitary district is Dissolution or dissolved, or for any cause ceases to exist, the following provisions laPe °.f urban shall take effect: "Dthont)r-

(1.) It is hereby declared that the district (in this Act referred to as a lapsed urban district) shall cease to constitute an urban district, and shall become part of some rural district under the sixth section of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and be 41 & 42 Vict, thenceforth subject to the enactments of the said Act relating c-52 to rural districts, as amended by this Act:

(2.) All property, real and personal, including things in action, and including interests, lights, and easements in, to, and out of property belonging to the urban authority, shall without any conveyance or assignment thereof, be transferred to and vested in the rural sanitary authority of such rural district, subject to any charges or incumbrances affecting the same, and shall be maintained, managed, and administered by the rural authority for the benefit of the lapsed urban district, and with reference to such property, the rural authority shall be deemed to be the successors of the urban authority:

(3.) All debts, including arrears of rates of every description, and all things in action, belonging to the urban authority in their capacity as such urban sanitary authority, or in their capacity as governing body of the district under the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, or any other Act, shall, without any assignment thereof, be transferred to and vested in the rural authority;

Any debt due to the urban authority, in their capacity as sanitary authority or otherwise as aforesaid, may be recovered, and any legal proceedings which the urban authority in any such capacity as aforesaid might have instituted or carried on may be instituted or carried on, by the rural authority, in their own name:

(4.) For the purposes of this Act, the town hall or other municipal buildings of the urban authority shall be deemed to be property belonging to them in their capacity as sanitary authority.

Such transfer and vesting shall not take effect until the Commissioners of the Treasury have signified their assent thereto, in such manner and subject to su<ch conditions as they think fit; upon such assent being signified, the transfer and vesting shall be deemed to

246

Ch. 77. Public Health (I reland) Amend^nent 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

have taken place at the time of the dissolution or cesser of the urban authority.

(5.) All debts due by the urban authority in their capacity as sanitary authority or otherwise (including all sums which the urban authority would have become liable to pay under or in consequence of any obligation incurred by them before their dissolution or cesser) shall be paid by the rural authority, in the manner in which they should have been paid by the urban authority if such urban authority had not been dissolved or ceased to exist. Such payment shall be made out of any moneys or property charged with or applicable to such payment, or out of rates levied by the rural authority in the lapsed urban district under the authority of an Order of the Local Government Board made in accordance with this Act:

(6.) The Local Government Board may, by Order to be published in the Dublin Gazette, or in such other manner as the Local Government Board may direct, declare any provisions of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, which are applicable to urban districts, and which are in the opinion of the Board necessary or expedient for the purpose of enabling the rural sanitary authority to maintain, manage, or administer any property transferred to them under this Act, or for the purpose of enabling the rural sanitary authority to pay the debts mentioned in this Act, to be in force in that part of the rural district which consists of the lapsed urban district; and for the purposes aforesaid or either of them, may invest such rural authority, with reference to such lapsed urban district, with all or any of the powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations of an urban authority under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, including all powers of making and levying any rate which the urban authority of such lapsed urban district might have made and levied, which shall be chargeable upon the same property, subject to the same exemptions and conditions, and payable by the same persons, as if it were a rate made and levied by the urban authority of such lapsed urban district; the Local Government Board may also invest the rural authority, so far as relates to the urban district, with all the powers of or relating to lighting conferred upon urban authorities by the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and the cost thereof shall be defrayed out of the rate authorised to be made under this Act, or out of any other moneys in the hands of the rural authority which would have been applicable to that purpose if they had been an urban authority.

The power of rating conferred by this Act shall extend to the raising of all sums which may be necessary for the payment of the debts of the urban authority, including all arrears due at the time such rate is made.

Such order of the Local Government Board may be made by them from time to time, and may be revoked or amended by any subsequent order, and may contain all such conditions and provisions relative to the purposes aforesaid as the Local Government Board may think necessary.

247

1884. Public Health (Ireland) Amendment, 1884. (Jh. 77.

3. If at any time the lapsed urban district is again constituted into an urban district, it shall be lawful for the Local Government Board, on the application of the urban authorit3r of such district, to make an Order vesting in such urban authority the property transferred under this Act to the rural sanitary authority, subject to any charges or incumbrances affecting the same. In such Order the Local Government Board may make provision for the adjustment of accounts between such urban and rural authorities, for vesting in the urban authority the right to levy and recover rates made by the rural authority under this Act, and for such other things as the Local Government Board may deem necessary for carrying this section into effect.

4. In the case of towns in Ireland having as governing bodies the persons or any of them mentioned in section four of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, column two, and which have not become and are not the urban sanitary authority within the meaning of the same Act, such governing bodies shall have all the powers of borrowing conferred by section twenty-eight of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871, and for the purposes of this section said section twenty-eight shall be deemed to be hereby re-enacted, and such powers of borrowing shall include the construction, maintenance, and repair of a town hall.

Nothing herein contained shall operate or extend to give to such governing bodies any powers of borrowing which, by the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, are transferred to or vested in the sanitary authority for the time being. In the said section twenty-eight the Local Government Board for Ireland shall be substituted for the Chief Secretary.

5. Whereas the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, was in force in the town of Ennis, and a body of town commissioners was duly constituted under that Act:

And whereas the said Act ceased to be in force in Ennis, and the body of town commissioners became thereupon in law dissolved; but some members thereof continued in good faith, and through mistake of law, to act as commissioners after such dissolution:

And it is expedient to make the provisions contained in this section in relation thereto:

Therefore it is hereby enacted that all resolutions and proceedings of such persons, purporting to have been passed or taken by them as town commissioners, and all acts of the officers formerly in the service of the town commissioners done by them as such officers, shall be of the same validity and effect as if the town commissioners had not been dissolved, and shall, notwithstanding such dissolution, be ratified and confirmed:

And such persons and officers shall be released and indemnified from and against any action or penalty in consequence thereof.

6. This Act shall apply whether the dissolution or cesser of the urban authority has taken place before or after the passing of this Act.

Provision in case the urban district is reconstituted.

Borrowing powers of towns included in rural districts.

Indemnity, and validation of acts.

Application of

Act.

248

Ch. 78. Corrupt Practices (<Suspension of Elections) 47 & 48 Vict.

Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 78.

[Short title.]

Suspension of power of Speaker to issue wiit for elections in certain cities and boroughs.

An Act to suspend, on account of Corrupt Practices, the issue during the prorogation of Parliament of writs for the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in the present Parliament for certain cities and boroughs.

[14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS, in pursuance of addresses to Her Majesty from both Houses of Parliament in relation to the elections f members

to serve in Parliament for the cities and boroughs mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, commissioners were appointed by commissions, dated the ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty, for the purpose of making inquiry into the existence of corrupt practices at the elections of members to serve in Parliament for the said cities and boroughs:

And whereas the said commissioners have respectively reported as regards the existence of corrupt practices to the effect in the second column of the said schedule mentioned:

And whereas it is expedient that a writ for the election of a member or members to serve in the present Parliament for any of the said cities and boroughs should not be issued except by order of the House of Commons:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections) Act, 1884.

2. A writ for the election of a member or members to serve in Parliament for any of the cities or boroughs mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act shall not, until after the expiration of seven days after the first meeting of Parliament in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, be issued in pursuance of the Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, or any of them.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Cities and Boroughs referred to.

Name of City or Borough.

Report of Commissioners as to prevalence of Corrupt Practices.

Boston -

Canterbury Chester -

Corrupt practices prevailed very exten*, sively at the election of 1880. •

It was stated as an undoubted fact that all elections, both parliamentary I and municipal, have for a long time past been corrupt.

-; Corrupt practices extensively prevailed at i the elections of 1879 and 1880.

- | Corrupt practices extensively prevailed

the general elections of February 187* and of April 1880.

1884. Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections') 1884. Ch. 78.

249

Name of City or Borough. Report of Commissioners as to prevalence of Corrupt Practices.

Gloucester - j Corrupt practices extensively prevailed at the elections in February 1874 and March 1880.

Macclesfield Corrupt practices extensively prevailed at the elections of 1865, 1868, 1874, and 1880.

Oxford - 1 Corrupt practices were committed at the 1 election in February 1874, and corrupt | practices extensively prevailed at the elections in March 1874, April 1880, and May 1880, by way of payment of ! money to voters as therein mentioned.

Sandwich - In the election of May 1880, there was practised throughout the constituency, not only indirect bribery of various kinds, but direct bribery, the most extensive and systematic Electoral corruption has long extensively prevailed in the borough.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Acts referred to.

Session and Chapter. Title.

24 Geo. 3. Sess. c. 26. An Act to repeal so much of two Acts made in the tenth and fifteenth years of the reign of His present Majesty as authorises the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown for making out writs for the election of members to serve in Parliament in the manner

21 & 22 Vict. c. 110. - therein mentioned and for substituting other provisions for the like purposes. Election of Members during Recess Act, 1858.

26 & 27 Vict 27 Vict. c. 20. An Act to further limit and define the time for proceeding to election during the recess.

APPENDIX AND INDEX.

1. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts Passed during the Session.

2. List of the Local and Private Acts, arranged in Classes.

3. Tables showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation.

4. Index to the Public General Statutes.

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

P. i. AN Act for legalizing Marriages heretofore solemnized in the District Church of Stopsley, in the Parish of Luton, in the County of Bedford.

P. iL An Act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, and the Metropolitan Commons (Amendment) Act, 1869, relating to Streatham Common.

P. iii. An Act to confirm a scheme under the City of Norwich Act, 1867, relating to Mousehold Heath, in the county of the city of Norwich.

P. iv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government Districts of Bognor, Ealing, and Henley.

V. An Act for enabling the President and Fellows of Sion College within the City of London to acquire a new site for the buildings of the said College from the Mayor Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London; and for other purposes.

vi. An Act to amend the Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund Association Act 1873; and for other purposes.

vii. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Haddenham Level and to provide for the making and maintaining of Roads in the said Level and for other purposes.

viii. An Act to extend the period limited by the Belfast Strandtown and High Holy wood Railway Act 1881 for the compulsory purchase of lands and for other purposes.

ix. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to George Francis Bradbury and Henry Lomax for Improvements in Sewing Machines.

X. An Act to authorise the Trustees of the Clyde Lighthouses to raise an additional sum of money, and for other purposes.

xi. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Alfred Julius Boult of 323 High Holborn in the county of Middlesex for improvements in the method and means of removing Dust from Carpets.

P. xii. An Act for legalizing Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Wood Green Congregational Church, in the district of Edmonton, in the county of Middlesex.

P. xiii. An Act to confirm an Order made by the Board of Trade under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Ramsholt.

p# xiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, transferring certain Rights, Powers, and Obligations under certain Provisional Orders to the Edison and Swan United Electric Light Company (Limited), and for other purposes.

254

Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Vict,

xv. An Act to enable the London and Saint Katharine Docks Company to make a new entrance to their Royal Albert Dock; and for other purposes.

xvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Trustees of the Port and Harbours of Greenock in relation to their Harbours and Docks; and for other purposes.

xvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Rickmansworth Waterworks Company.

xviii. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Governors of the London Hospital and for enabling them to grant building and other Leases of their Estates and for enlarging their Powers with respect to the reception of Patients and for other purposes.

xiv. An Act to authorise the West Lancashire Railway Company to borrow Money for the payment of Debts.

xx. An Act to authorise the construction of the Ayr and District Tramways, in the county of Ayr; and for other purposes. xxi. An Act for the winding-up of the affairs and the dissolution of the High-gate Archway Company.

xxii. An Act to enable the Commissioners for Public Baths and Wash-houses in the parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington to acquire otherwise than by agreement certain Lands in the said parish and for other purposes.

TTiii. An Act to alter the Memorandum of Association of the Scottish Imperial Insurance Company; and for ot er purposes.

xxiv. An Act to amend the Act incorporating the Scottish Provident Institution, and the Deed of Constitution and Laws and Regulations of the Institution; to confer further powers on the Institution j and for other purposes.

xxv. An Act to confer fur her powers on the Corporation of Glasgow in relation to their Markets and Slaughter-houses Undertaking; and to enable the Corporation to construct additional Tramways; to borrow further money; and for other purposes.

xxvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own and other undertakings and for other purposes.

xxvii. An Act to extend the borough of Longton and for other purposes.

xxviii. An Act to extend the time for completing an embankment and other works in connexion with the Reclamation of certain Lands in Morecambe Bay in the county of Lancaster and for other purposes.

xxix. An Act to sanction the purchase by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board of certain Lands a d to confirm an Agreement between the Board and the Earl of Sefton and to amend in certain respects the Acts relating to the Board.

xxx. An Act to amend the Dublin (South) City Market Acts 1876 to 1883 and for other purposes.

nrxi. An Act for the abandonment of the Upwell Outwell and Wisbech Railway.

xxxii. An Act to enable the Corporation of Leicester to consolidate their Loans and convert the same into Stock and to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the borough; and for other purposes.

xxxiii. An Act to authorise the construction of a tidal harbour dock and other works at Sutton-le- Marsh in the county of Lincoln; and for other purposes.

xxxiv. An Act for the abandonment of the Railways authorised by the Severn Bridge and Forest of Dean Central Railway Act*1873 and the Severn Bridge and Forest of Dean Central Railway Act 1876 and for other purposes.

255

1884. Local Acts.

xxxv. An Act to make further provision with respect to the payment of the cost of the Bridge across the River of Ayr within the Burgh of Ayr; and for other purposes.

xxxvi. An Act for authorising the Ayr Harbour Trustees to borrow additional money; and for other purposes.

xxxvii. An Act to authorise the Belfast Central Railway Company to deviate part and to abandon other parts of their authorised Western Extensions and to extend the periods limited for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of the remainder of those Extensions and for other purposes.

xxxviii. An Act to provide for the effectual maintenance of the Navigation of the River Trent from Wilden Ferry in the counties of Derby and Leicester or one of them to Gainsborough in the county of Lincoln.

P. xxxix. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Colwyn Bay and District Gas, Crays Gas, Fleetwood Gas, Frome Gas, and Hull Gas.

P. xl. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Waterworks Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Dyke District Water, Hoddesdon Water, and Thirsk District Water.

P. xli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Land Drainage Act, 1861.

P. xlIL An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Bury St. Edmund’s.

P. xliii- An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Alton-Barnes, Barnstaple, Bishops Taw ton, Buckland-Brewer, Bulkworthy, Drewsteignton, East Knoyle, Frithelstock (two), Hittesleigh, Homingsham, Maiden-Bradley-with-Yamfield, Newton-Saint-Petrock, Parkham, Pertwood, and Sutton-Yeney; and to the Chapelry of Alton Priors.

P. xliv. An Act to confirm certain Orders qi the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Bovey-Tracey, Broadwood Kelly, Calverleigh, Colyton, Combe-in- eignhead, Denbury, East Ogwell, Haccombe, Hennock, High Week, Ipplepen, Loxbear, Lustleigh, Monk Okehampton, Moreton-Hampstead, North Bovey, Southleigh, Stoke-in-Teignhead, Torbryan (two), and Woolborough.

P. xlv. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Ashill, Beckington, Berkeley, Broadway, Brockley, Chelvey, Crew-kerne, Cricket Malherby, Dinnington, Dowlish-Wake, Elm, Frome, Hawkridge, Ilton, Kilmersdon, Kingston, Knowle-Saint-Giles, Laverton, Marston-Biggott, Mells, Road, Seavington-Saint-Mary, Standerwick, Tellesford, Wayford, West Dowlish, Whatley, Whitelackington, Withypoole, and Woolverton.

P. xlvi. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under th6 provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Acton, Alphamstone, Assington, Belchamp-Otten, Belchamp-Walter, Boxted, Bulmer, Bures-Saint-Mary, Castkcamps, Cavendish, Chilton, Foxearth, Glems-

256

Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Vict.

ford, Great Cornard, Great Henny, Great Waldingfield, Helion’s-Bumpstead, Lamarsh, Linstead Parva, Liston, Li tie Cornard, Little Waldingfield, Long Melford, Mendham (two), Metfield, Middleton, Newton (near Sudbury), Redenhall with Harleston, Somerton, Stoke (near Nayland), T winstead, and Withersdale, and to the Hamlet of Buers.

P. xlvii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Ashen, Bildeston, Boxford, Brockley, Brettenham, Carlton, Colne-Engain, Great Maplestead, Great Yeldam, Groton, Hitcham, Kelsale, Kettlebaston, Lindsey, Little Maplestead, Little Yeldam, Naughton, Nedging, Polstead, Preston, Ridgewell, Semer, Sible-Hedingham, Stambourne, Tilbury juxta Clare, Toppesfield, Wattesham, Whatfield, Whepstead, and White Colne.

P. xlviii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Abberley, Ashperton (two), Donnington, Holy Cross in Pershore, In-Liberties, Ledbury, Llangaran, Munsley (two), Norton juxta Kempsey, Putley (two), Rock, Saint Andrew, Saint Andrew in Pershore, Saint Martin, Saint Nicholas, Saint Peter, Stoke Edith, Stretton-Grandsome or Grandison, Stoulton, Upper Bullingham, Weston-Beggard, Whitchurch, Woolhope, and Yarkhill, to the Chapelries of Westhide and Whittington, and to the Township of Grafton.

P. xlix. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Abergwilly, Bettws Bledrws, Carmarthen, Cole Orton, Kings Sutton, Llandewi Aberarth, Llangybi, Llanpumpsaint, Llansaintfraed and Llannon, Llanvihangel Abercowin, Mydrim, Newbottle, Newchurch, and Thringston, and to the Townships of Thelwall and Woolstone with Martinscroft.

P. 1. An Act to confirm the Provisional Order for the Regulation of Redhill and Earlswood Commons, situate in the parishes of Reigate and Horley, in the county of Surrey, in pursuance of a Report of the Land Commissioners for England.

P. li. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Emsworth Gas, Hornsey Gas, Kirkburton Gas, Quomdon and Mountsorrel Gas, and Slough Gas.

lit. An Act for incorporating the West Cheshire Water Company and conferring powers on them with reference to the Construction of Works and the Supply of Water and otherwise and for other purposes, liii. An Act to dissolve and re-incorporate the Plympton and District Waterworks Company (Limited) and for other purposes, liv. An Act for the granting of further Powers to the Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company, lv. An Act for the abandonment of the Totnes Paignton'and Torquay Direct Railway.

lvi. An Act for authorising the Corporation of the Borough of Birkenhead to execute certain Street Improvements; for better regulating the erection of new buildings in the Borough; for amending certain local Acts, and making further police and sanitary regulations, and for other purposes.

257

1884.

Local Acts.

lvii. An Act to amend the London Tramways Company (Limited) Capital Act 1880 and for other purposes, lviii. An Act for enabling the North-eastern Railway Company to make a new Railway and to acquire additional Lands and for other purposes, lix. An Act to enable the Corporation of Southampton to enlarge their Cemetery; and for other purposes, lx. An Act for empowering the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Kingston-upon-Hull to make better provision for the supply of Water to their borough and other parts of their district of supply and to supply Water to the Cottingham Local Board; and for other purposes.

ixi. An Act for enabling the Local Board for the district of West Ham, in the county of Essex, to free the North Woolwich or Victoria Dock Road and Liliput Road from toll, and to purchase lands, and to construct certain works, and for granting additional powers to the said Local Board and for other purposes.

lxii. An Act to confer further powers upon the King’s Lynn Dock Company; and for other purposes.

ixiii. An Act to amend the Nar Valley Drainage Act 1881 and to empower the Nar Valley Drainage Board to raise further money by borrowing. l lxiv. An Act to amalgamate the Undertakings of the Swindon Marlborough and r Andover and the Swindon and Cheltenham Extension Railway Companies; and for other purposes, lxv. An Act to remove doubt3 respecting certain provisions in the Deed of Settlement of the Star Life Assurance Society, and respecting the participation in profits by holders of certain policies of the Society; and for other purposes.

lxvi. An Act for empowering the Imperial Continental Gas Association to raise further Capital and for other purposes, lxvii. An Act to revive the powers and extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of Lands and for the construction of the Railway authorised by the Henley-in-A.den and Great Western Junction Railway Act 1873 and for other purposes.

lxviii. An Act to confer further Powers on the Swindon and Cheltenham Extension Railway Company; and for other purposes.

ixix. An Act for carrying into effect the purchase of the Windsor and Eton Waterworks by the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of New Windsor and for other purposes.

lxx. An Act for the abandonment of the Ruthin and Cerrig-y-druidion Railway and for other purposes.

lxxi. An Act to authorise the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company to construct new Railways and other Works to amend the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes, lxxii. An Act to extend the District to enlarge the Powers and to change the name of the Wharves and Warehouses Steam Power and Hydraulic Pressure Company; and for other purposes.

P. lxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Belchalwell, Blackford, Bruton, Butleigh, Charlton Horethome, Charlton Musgrove, Fifehead Neville, Henstridge, Holton, Horsington, Marston Magna, Milborne Port, North Brewham, North Cadbury, North Cheriton, Okeford Fitzpaine, Penselwood, Pitcombe, Queen Camel, Shepton-Montague, South Brewham, Stoke-Trister, Stowell, Walton, and Wincanton.

258

Table of the Statutes.

47 & 48 Vict.

P. lxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Ashen, Birdbrook, Brockdish, Haverhill, Hundon, Little Wratting, Oving-ton, Peasenhall, Sibton, Steeple Bumpstead, Stoke-by-Clare, Stratton-Long-Saint-Mary, Sturmer, Thorpe Abbotts, Tilbury-juxta-Clare, Wacton Magna, Whixoe, and Withersfield; and to the Townships of Emswell-with-KeUey-thorpe, Eskdaleside, Great Driffield, Little Driffield, and Ugglebarnby.

P. lxxv. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Charley (two), Eddlesborough, Helmdon, Ivinghoe, Little Gaddesden, Markfield, Marston Saint Lawrence (two), Middleton Cheney, Newtown Linford, Slapton, Syres-ham, Thenford, and Whitfield; to the Townships of Marnham and South Clifton; and to the Hamlet of Astwell-with-Falcutt.

p lxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Saint James, Westminster, Saint Martin-in-the-Fields, and Saint George, Hanover Square.

P. lxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Unions of North Dublin, Kells, Kilmallock, Mitchelstown, Rathdrum, Tralee, Trim, and Tulla.

P. lxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Waterworks in the town of Bandon.

P. imriv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Wrorks Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Alperton and Sudbury Water, Market Weigh ton Water, Newmarket Water, and W7isbech Water.

P. lxxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under " The Tramways Act, 1870, " relating to Leicester Tramways (Extensions), Walsall and District Tramways, and Wigan Tramways.

P. lxxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, relating to the County of Montgomery.

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Bamwood, Brockthrop (two), Churchdown, Down Hatherly, Harescomb (two), Haresfield (two), Hempstead, Maismore, Matson, North Hamlet, Quedgley (two), Saint Catherine’s with Kingsholm Saint Catherine’s, Saint John Baptist, Saint Mary-de-Lode with Kingsholm Saint Mary, Saint Nicholas, Sandhurst, South Hamlet, Upton Saint Leonard’s, Yille of Wotton, and Whaddon (two), to the Township of Over Higham and Linton, and to the Hamlets of Barton Saint Mary, Barton Saint Michael, Longford Saint Catherine’s, Longford Saint Mary, Tuffiey, Twigworth, and Wootton Saint Mary.

P. ixxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867, as amended by the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1808, and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the city of Oxford and the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel.

1884. Local A259

P. ixxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to the Fulham District.

P. lxxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to new Streets in the City of Dublin, and to the Town of Dungarvan, and to Waterworks in Buncrana. lxxxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Sandbach Gas Company.

lxxxvii. An Act for enlarging and improving the Court House and for erecting public buildings at Hamilton and for other purposes, lxxxviii. An Act to authorise the construction of a bridge over certain railways near the western end of Cromwell Road Kensington with roads and approaches in connection therewith, lxxxix. An Act to make provision with reference to the Arrears of Dividend on the Preference Shares in the Capital of the Buenos Ayres and Ensenada Port Railway Company Limited; and for other purposes.

xc. An Act to enable the Stalybridge Gas Company to purchase additional Land and to raise further Capital and for other purposes.

xci. An Act to authorise the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to construct Quays or Wharfs and other Works, and to acquire Lands in connexion with their undertaking, and to borrow Money; and for other purposes, xcii. An Act to make further Provisions respecting the Capital of the Limerick and Kerry Railway Company and for other purposes.

xciii. An Act to authorise the Construction of New Streets and other Works in the Borough of Belfast and to make further Provision for the Improvement and Government of the Borough and for other purposes.

xciv. An Act to authorise the London Street Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes.

xcv. An Act to further amend the Metropolitan District Railway Act, 1881;

and for other purposes in relation thereto, xcvi. An Act to confer further Powers on the Eastern and Midlands Railway Company.

xcvii. An Act to confer further Powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company; to transfer to them the powers of the Oxted and Groombridge Railway Company; and for other purposes.

xcviii. An Act to confer additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of Railways and other Works and the Acquisition of Lands and for raising further Capital; and upon that Company and the Great Western Railway Company jointly in respect of a portion of the Railway of the Bristol Port Railway and Pier Company; and for other purposes, xcix. An Act for empowering the Scarborough and Whitby Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

C. An Act to authorise the West Metropolitan Tramways Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes, ci. An Act for defining or extending the powers of the India Rubber, Gutta Percha, and Telegraph Works Company, Limited, and for other purposes.

P. cii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Colchester Tramways, Gravesend, Rosherville, and Northfleet Tramways (Extension), Hartlepools Tramways (Extension), Stockton-on-Tees Tramways (Extension), and Weymouth Tramways.

P. ciii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

260 Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Vict.

P. civ. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Waterworks in the town of Dundalk.

P. cv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Naas Burial Ground and the Town of Thurles.

P. cvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Carrick-on-Suir Union.

P. cvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Barrow-in-Furness Tramways, North Birmingham Tramways, and South Birmingham Tramways.

P. cviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement (Scotland) Acts, 1875 and 1880, relating to the improvement of the Burgh of Aberdeen.

P. cix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the Burgh of Kirkintilloch.

P. cx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Unions of Cashel, Clogheen, Navan, and Tipperary.

P. cxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Unions of Delvin, Fennoy, and Newcastle.

P. cxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Birmingham and Aston Tramways, Blackpool Tramways, Bootle-cum-Linacre Corporation Tramways, Cardiff Tramways (Extensions), Dudley, Sedgley, and Wolverhampton Tram wap, Liverpool Corporation Tramways (Extensions), and Nottingham Tramways.

P. cxiii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Bisley, Bratton Clovelly, Broadwood Widger, Chittlehampton, Cranham, East Worlington (two), Haresfield, Hay, Lapford, Llowes, Meshaw, Miserdine, Randwick (two), Standish, Stonehouse, Thelbridge, West Worlington, Witheridge (two), and Woolfardisworthy.

P. cxiv. An Act to confirm an Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Dawlish and Kenton.

P. cxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board imder the provisions of the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867, as amended by the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868, and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parish of Saint Luke (Middlesex).

P. cxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Nenagh Union. CXVII. An Act to authorise the Construction of additional Water Works at Swanage in the county of Dorset and for other purposes, cxviii. An Act to empower the Local Board for the District of the Town of Yentnorin the Isle of Wight to construct a-Pier and to acquire Lands for Street Improvements and other purposes:and to confer further powers upon the said Local Board:and for other purposes, oxix. An Act for the permanent Establishment Regulation and Management of the Butter Market of the City of Cork and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

1884.

261

cxx. An Act to transfer to the Belfast and County Down Railway Company the Belfast Holywood and Bangor Railway; and for other purposes.

cxxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers upon the Liverpool Hydraulic Power Company and for other purposes.

cxxii. An >Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Newport (Monmouthshire) Hydraulic Power Company and for other purposes.

cxxiii. An Act to provide for the consolidation of the Loans of the Corporation of Rochdale and the conversion of those Loans into Stock; and to alter the Charges made by the Corporation for a supply of Water; and for other purposes.

cxxiv. An Act to extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of the railways authorised by the Ballyclare Ligoniel and Belfast Junction Railway Act 1881 and for other purposes.

cxxv. An Act to empower the Belfast Street Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways to raise further money and for other purposes.

cxxvi. An Act for enabling the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to extend their railway to Tullow in the county of Carlow; and for other purposes.

cxxvii. An Act to extend the time limited by the Clonakilty Extension Railway Act 1881 for the purchase of Lands and the completion of the Railway by that Act authorised; to authorise the Cork and Bandon Railway Company to subscribe towards the construction of such Railway and to convert certain debenture shares into debenture stock; and for other purposes.

cxxviii. An Act to authorise the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company to construct Tramways from Broughshane to Clonetrace and from Retreat to Cushendall; to vest the Undertaking of the Ballymena Cushendall and Redbay Railway Company in the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company; to authorise that Company to purchase Hotels and to make agreements with the Belfast Harbour Commissioners and the Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners; and for other purposes.

cxxix. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to construct certain Railways and other Works in the Counties of Renfrew, Forfar, Stirling, and Clackmannan, to acquire and complete the Alloa Railway, and to take in lease the Moffat Railway; for extending the time for completing the Alloa Railway; for dissolving the Alloa Railway Company; for abandoning the Larbert and Grangemouth Connecting Lines of the Caledonian Railway Company, and confirming an agreement between that Company and the North British Railway Company with respect to the use of the Stirlingshire Midland Junction and Grangemouth Railways and other matters; and for other purposes.

cxxx. An Act for making the Railway and Canal Traffic Acts applicable to the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company in relation to their Holyhead and Kingstown Mail Contract Service; and for other purposes.

cxxxi. An Act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Coventry to purchase the Undertaking of the Coventry Gas Company; and to confer further powers on the Corporation.

cxxxii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of their Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes.

cxxxiii. An Act to provide for the Commutation of the Liability of Landowners in the Levels of the Hundreds of Caldicot and Wentlooge in the County of Monmouth to maintain Seawalls and other Works and to provide for the making and maintaining of Roads in the said Levels and for other Purposes.

262

47 & 48 Vict.

Table of the Statutes.

cxxxiv. An Act to extend the powers of the Corporation of the Borough of Jarrow in the County of Durham with respect to the local government and improvement of the Borough; to extend the boundary of the Borough; and for other purposes.

cxxxv. An Act to confer further powers on the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company.

cxxxvi. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Woolwich Equitable Gas Company.

cxxxvii. An Act to extend the periods respectively limited for the construction of the Cranbrook and Paddock Wood Railway and for the compulsory purchase of lands required for the said railway and the deviations thereof.

cxxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Newry Navigation Company and for other purposes.

cxxxix. An Act to authorise the Treferig Valley Railway Company to lease their Railway to the Taff Vale Railway Company and for other purposes.

cxl. An Act for dissolving the Abercam and Newbridge Gas and Water Company Limited and re-incorporating the Members thereof with others and for enabling them to supply Gas and Water in the parishes of Mynyddislwyn and Llanhilleth in the county of Monmouth and for other purposes.

cxli. An Act for making further provision for the better government and for the preservation of the Health of the Inhabitants of the borough of Croydon to authorise the creation of Corporation Stock and for other purposes.

cxlii. An Act to provide for the working and rental of the East London Railway Whitechapel Junction and for other purposes.

cxliii. An Act to authorise the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to make a railway in substitution for a portion of the existing Cork and Youghal and Great Southern and Western Junction Railway; to remove and replace a certain bridge; to divert and stop up certain roads to acquire additional lands; and for other purposes.

cxliv. An Act to authorise the Cork and Kenmare Railway Company to construct a branch railway from Loo Bridge to Headfort in the county of Kerry to abandon so much of the railway authorised by the Cork and Kenmare Railway Act 1881 as lies between Macroom and Loo Bridge to reduce the Company’s capital and borrowing powers to alter baronial guarantees and for other purposes.

cxlv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own undertaking and undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes.

cxlvi. An Act to authorise the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company to construct a new Railway and other works and to confer further powers upon that Company in connection with their undertaking and for other purposes.

cxlvii. An Act for making Tramways in the Parishes of Greenwich Lewisham and St. Paul Deptford in the County of Kent; and for other purposes.

cxlviii. An Act to authorise the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to construct railways and works in the counties of Surrey and Kent and in the city of London and for other purposes.

cxlix. An Act for extending the Limits of Jurisdiction of the Tees Conservancy Commissioners; for conferring further powers on the Commissioners; tor amending the Tees Conservancy Acts; and for other purposes.

cl. An Act for regulating the Society of Solicitors before the Courts of the Commissary the Sheriff and City of Edinburgh commonly called the Society ot Solicitors at Law for making provision for the present and contingent liabili-

1884. Local Acts, 263

ties thereof for the distribution of the Funds and the ultimate dissolution, of the Society and for other relative purposes, cli. An Act for reincorporating and conferring powers on the Llanfairfechan Waterworks Company Limited.

clii. An Act to empower the Llanfrechfa Upper Local Board to make Waterworks and supply Water; and for other purposes, cliii. An Act to confer further powers on the Teign Valley Railway Company.

~P. cliv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers Act, 1883, relating to the Tipperary Union.

P. civ. An Act to amend certain provisions of the Acts third and fourth Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirteen, and thirty-second and thirty-third Victoria, chapter ninety-four, in relation to the Consolidation of Benefices called " Medieties, " or " Portions, " and to extend the same to the parish of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.

P. clvi. An Act to confirm Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Unions of Enniscorthy, Clonakilty, Gorey, Killadysert, and Shillelagh.

P. clvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1881, relating to Salt Works.

P. clviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government Districts of Dorking and Hendon, the Rural Sanitary District of the Kingston Union, the Local Government District of Malvern, the Borough of Portsmouth, the City of Truro, and the Local Government Districts of Wimbledon and Ystradyfodwg.

clix. An Act to revive the powers and extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the construction of the works authorised by the Walton-on-the-Naze and Frinton Improvement Act 1879 and for other purposes.

clx. An Act for the sale of the Gravesend Town Quay and Pier to the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company:and for other purposes.

clxi. An Act to authorise the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder in the west riding of the county of York to deepen and improve the lower Navigation of the River Ouse and for other purposes, clxii. An Act to make better provision for the Health Local Government and Improvement of the Local Board district of West Derby in the County of Lancaster and for other purposes, clxiii. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Railway to Gourock, with a quay or pier there, and to connect their railways with the Paisley Canal Line of the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company, with facilities over that Line; for extending the time for the sale of certain superfluous Lands; and for other purposes, clxiv. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Manchester Bury Rochdale and Oldham Steam Tramways Company, clxv. An Act to authorise the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway from the Railway of the Cheshire Lines Committee at Chester to Connah’s Quay and for other purposes, clxvi. An Act for making tramways in the county of Kent and for other purposes.

clxvii. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Subway under the River Thames from King William Street in the City of London to Short Street in the Parish of St. Mary Newington in the County of Surrey and for other purposes.

264 Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Vict.

clxviii. An Act for empowering the North Metropolitan Tramways Company to construct New Tramways; and for other purposes.

clxix. An Act to confer further powers on the Perth General Station Committee; and for other purposes.

clxx. An Act for authorising the Construction of Railways in the county of Lincoln to be called the Sutton and Willoughby Railway and for other purposes.

clixi. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of the railways authorised by the Burry Port and North Western Junction Railway Act 1876 and the Buriy Port and North Western Junction Railway Amendment Act 1881 and for other purposes.

clxxii. An Act for incorporating the Dundee Suburban Railway Company and for other purposes.

clxxiii. An Act for empowering the South Stockton Local Board to acquire a share in the waterworks undertaking of the Stockton and Middlesbrough Water Board and for other purposes.

clxxiv. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Swansea to make and maintain additional Waterworks, to make other provisions in relation to their Waterworks Undertaking to borrow money and for other purposes.

clxxv. An Act for the prevention of Encroachments upon the Malvern Hills, and for other purposes.

clxxvi. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to establish a Free Steam Ferry across the River Thames east of London Bridge to apply the income and to raise monies on the security of the rents and profits of the Bridge House Estates and for other purposes.

clxxvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company; and for other purposes.

clxxviii. An Act to continue and extend the powers of the Bank of South Australia and for other purposes.

clxxix. An Act to authorise the Barrmill and Kilwinning Railway Company to construct new Railways; to change the name of the Company; and for other purposes.

clxxx. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Dewsbury to make new Streets and Street Improvements and to make further provision for the Improvement and good Government of the Borough and for other purposes.

clxxxi. An Act to incorporate a Company for the Construction of the Dore and Chinley Railway and for other purposes.

clxxxii. An Act to enable the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to construct in the City of Dublin connecting Railways between Westland Row Terminus and the Railways of the Great Northern Railway (Ireland) and the Midland Great Western Railway (Ireland) on the north side of the River Liffey to be called the City of Dublin Junction Railways and for other purposes.

clxxxiii. An Act to authorise the Highland Railway Company to construct new Railways; and for other purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act to amalgamate the Undertakings of the Highland, the Sutherland, and the Sutherland and Caithness Railway Companies, and the Duke of Sutherland’s Railway; and for other purposes.

clxxxv. An Act to authorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to deviate parts of the Rickmansworth Extension Railway and Chorley Wood Lane to purchase additional lands to extend the time for compulsory purchase of lands and completion of works to give effect to an arrangement for vesting in them the powers

1884.

Local Acts.

265

to make and maintain Railway No, 2 authorised by the Metropolitan and District Railways (City Lines and Extensions) Act 1879 to provide lor consolidation of debenture stocks and for other purposes.

clxxxvi. An Act to extend some of the powers of the Sutton Bridge Dock Company to make further provisions with respect to their unissued capital and for other purposes.

clxxxvii. An Act for incorporating a Board of Drainage Commissioners with powers to drain and improve certain lands in the townships of Reedness and Swinefleet in the parish of Whitgift in the West Riding of the County of York.

clxxxviii. An Act to alter and amend the Clacton-on-Sea Special Drainage District Act 1880.

clxxxix. An Act to enable the Trustees for the District and Harbour of Maryport to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement of the Harbour of Maryport and for other purposes.

cxc. An Act for constituting a portion of the Railways authorised by " the North Cornwall Railway Act 1882 " a separate Undertaking; and for other purposes.

cxci. An Act to authorise the London Southern Tramways Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

cxcii. An Act to extend the time for constructing the North London Tramways; to empower the North London Tramways Company to raise additional Capital, and for other purposes.

cxciii. An Act to extend the Time for the Compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Uxbridge and Rickmansworth Railway.

cxciv. An Act for reviving and rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Edward Wright for Improvements in Paint Brushes.

cxcv. An Act for authorising the Liskeard and Caradon Railway Company to extend their Railway to Launceston and for authorising arrangements between them and the Liskeard and Looe Union Canal Company and for other purposes.

cxcvi. An Act to amend the Neath Harbour Acts, to alter the Constitution of the Neath Harbour Commissioners, to authorise the Construction of new Works, and to confirm and regulate the borrowing of moneys, and for other purposes.

cxcvii. An Act for incorporating the West Worthing Waterworks and Baths Company and for vesting the West Worthing Waterworks and Baths in that-Company and for other purposes.

cxcviii. An Act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company in respect to their own undertaking and of the undertakings of other Companies.

cxcix. An Act to incorporate and confer powers on the Birmingham Compressed-Air Power Company and for other purposes.

cc. An Act to revive and extend the powers of the Cleveland Extension Mineral Railway Company.

cci. An Act for conferring further powers on the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company.

ccii. An Act to empower the Taff Vale Railway Company to construct a New Railway at Cardiff and to acquire additional Lands and to raise further Capital and for other purposes.

cciii. An Act to amend the Stockton and Middlesbrough Corporations Waterworks Act 1876 and to confer further powers upon the Corporations of the Boroughs of Stockton-on-Tees and Middlesbrough and the Stockton and Middlesbrough Water Board for the supply of Water to the said Boroughs and their neighbourhoods and for other purposes.

266

Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 VICT.

cciv. An Act to provide for the vesting of the undertaking of the Eastern Bengal Railway Company in the Secretary of State in Council of India and for other purposes.

ccv. An Act to enable the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to extend their Railway to Rosehearty, in the County of Aberdeen, and for other purposes.

ccvi. An Act to authorise the Great Western Railway Company to make and maintain certain railways in the county of Gloucester and to acquire lands and to confer further powers upon that Company and the Corporation of Carmarthen the Swindon and Cheltenham Extension Railway Company and the Llanelly Harbour and Burry Navigation Commissioners; and for other purposes.

ccvii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other companies and also for conferring powers upon the North Staffordshire Railway Company the Great Western Railway Company the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company in relation to such other undertakings and upon the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and for vesting in the London and North Western Railway Company the undertaking of the Yale of Towy Railway Company and for other purposes.

ccviii. An Act to provide for a further Supply of Water to the Town of Northampton and adjacent Places and for other purposes.

P. ccix. An Act to provide for ascertaining any Rights of Common or other rights in or over Strensall Common, in the North Riding of the county of York, and for the acquisition and compensation of such rights, and the use of the said Common and adjoining land for military and other purposes.

P. OCX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government District of Arlecdon and Frizington, the Borough of Bradford (Yorks), the Falmouth United Sewerage District, the Special Drainage District of Flaxley, the Local Government Districts ol Holmfirth and Lindfield, the Borough of Over Darwen, the Local Government Districts of Rothwell and Saint Mary Church, and the Warwick Joint Hospital District.

P. ccxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the City and County of Bristol, the Cities of Carlisle and Coventry, the Local Government District of North wich, the Borough of Preston, the Rural Sanitary District of the Taunton Union, and the Borough of Warrington.

P. ccxli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Improvement Act District of Bournemouth, the Special Drainage District of Clacton-on-Sea, the Local Government District of Fain-ham, the Boroughs of Hythe and Margate, the Improvement Act Districts of Milton-next-Sittingborne and West Worthing, and the City of Winchester.

P. ccxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Unions of Clonmel, Croom, Glin, Kanturk, Limerick, Lismore, Macroom, Mullingar, Rathkeale, and Wexford.

P. ccxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Accrington and Church Outfall Sewerage District, the Boroughs of Bangor, Barnsley, and Burnley, the Local Government District of Fulwood, the City of Liverpool, the Local Government District of Llanelly, the

1884. Local Acts. 267

Borough of Middlesbrough, the Improvement Act District of Milford, and the Borough of Nottingham.

ccxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Aberavon, the Local Government Districts of Brighouse, and Denton and Haughton, the City of Manchester, and the Local Government Districts of Shipley, Skelton and Brotton, Sowerby Bridge, and Sutton in Ashfield.

ccxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Aldborough, Baltimore and Skibbereen, Carlingford Lough, Chatham, Cromer, Cullen, Dawlish, Eyemouth, Fraserburgh, Hove, and Newlyn.

ccxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council in Ireland relating to the West Clare Railway.

ccxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council in Ireland relating to the Clogher Valley Tramway.

ccxix. An Act for providing a better supply of Water to the high-level districts of the borough of Belfast and other places adjacent thereto; for conferring further powers on the Belfast Water Commissioners; and for other purposes.

ccxx. An Act to empower the Coventry and District Tramways Company to abandon the construction of one of their authorised Tramways; to extend the time for constructing the remainder of their authorised works, and for other purposes.

ccxxi. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Railway from the Bishop’s Castle Railway at Lydham in the County of Salop to Montgomery in the County of Montgomery.

ccxxii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Cardiff in the county of Glamorgan to obtain a supply of Water from the River Taff Fawr in Breconshire; and to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the borough; and for other purposes.

ccxxiii. An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Board of Works to make certain New Streets in the Metropolis; for amending the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1877; for conferring further powers upon the said Board with respect to Plumstead Common and Hackney Commons and for other purposes.

ccxxiv. An Act for authorising the construction of a railway in Lancashire, to be called the Blackpool Railway; and for other purposes.

ccxxv. An Act to empower the Metropolitan Railway Company to extend their Railway to Hendon in the county of Middlesex and for other purposes.

ccxxvi. An Act to authorise the making of Railways in the County of Lancaster to connect the Railway of the West Lancashire Railway Company with the Railway of the Southport and Cheshire Lines Extension Railway Company and for other purposes.

ccxxvii. An Act to authorise the Mersey Railway Company to make a Branch Railway in Birkenhead and for other purposes.

ccxxviii. An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Board of Works to alter the situation of the New Battersea Bridge authorised by "The Metropolitan Bridges Acfr, 1881 " and for other purposes.

ccxxix. An Act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company.

ccxxx. An Act to enable the West Lancashire Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Preston Docks in the county of Lancaster and to confei further powers in relation to their Undertaking on the Company and for other purposes.

268 Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Vict.

ccxxxi. An Act for vesting in the Plymouth Devonport and South Western Junction Railway Company the powers conferred by " The Devon and Cornwall Central Railway Act 1882 " and for the abandonment of a portion of the Railway authorised by that Act and for the dissolution of the Devon and Cornwall Central Railway Company and for other purposes.

ccxxxii. An Act for extending the boundaries of the city of York and county of the same city; for consolidating and amending various provisions of the Local Acts in force within the city; and for other purposes.

ccxxxiii. An Act to authorise the Leominster and Bromyard Railway Company to complete their authorised Railway from Steens Bridge to Bromyard; and for other purposes.

ccxxxiv. An Act for incorporating the Chatham and Brompton Tramways Company and empowering them to construct street tramways in the parishes of Chatham and Gillingham in the county of Kent and for other purposes.

COXXXV. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in connexion with their own and other Undertakings and upon them and other Companies in connexion with Undertakings in which they are jointly interested; for vesting in the Great Western Railway Company the Undertakings of the Coleford Railway Company and the Bristol and North Somerset Railway Company; for authorising and confirming agreements between the Great Western Railway Company and other Companies; and for other purposes.

ccxxxvi. An Act to revive the powers and extend the time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for and to extend the time for the completion of parts of the Railways of the Rosebush and Fishguard Railway Company to enable that Company to raise additional Capital to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

ccxxxvii. An Act for the construction maintenance and regulation of a Pier and Lift at Folkestone in the county of Kent and for other purposes.

ccxxxviii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Llandrindod Wells Water Company.

ccxxxix. An Act to consolidate the city of Chester into one parish; make improved provision for the levying of Rates; provide for the issue of Corporation Stock; make provision as to Markets and Fairs; for freeing the Dee Bridges of Tolls; and for the improvement government and health of the city: to amend the Improvement Act; and for other purposes.

CCXL An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Tramways authorised by the Plymouth Devonport and District Tramways Act 1882 and for other purposes.

ccxli. An Act to authorise the Construction of Street Tramways in certain parts of Edinburgh and Leith; and for other purposes.

ccxlii. An Act for incorporating the Halifax High Level and North and South Junction Railway Company and authorising them to make and maintain the Halifax High Level and North and South Junction Railway and for other purposes.

ccxliii. An Act to revive and extend the powers of the several Acts relating to the Poulnasherry Reclamation; and for other purposes.

ccxliv. An Act to authorise the Lea Bridge Leyton and Walthamstow Tramways Company to construct new Tramways in the counties of Middlesex and Essex and for other purposes.

ccxlv. An Act for empowering the Rotherham and Bawtry Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

1884. Local Acts. 269

ccxlvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Tendring Hundred Waterworks Company.

ccxlvii. An Act for authorising the London and South Western Railway Company to construct additional works and to purchase additional lands and for conferring other powers upon them; for the widening of the Somerset and Dorset Railway; for authorising agreements between the Company and the Wimbledon and West Metropolitan Junction Railway Company; and for other purposes.

ccxlviii. An Act to authorise the construction of a Railway from Pwllheli to Porthdinlleyn in the county of Carnarvon; and for other purposes.

ccxiix. An Act for incorporating the West Gloucestershire Water Company and conferring powers upon them with reference to the construction of Works and the supply of Water and otherwise, and for other purposes.

ccl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Scotch Education Department under the Education (Scotland) Act, 1878, to enable the School Board for Ardchattan and Muckaim, in the county of Argyll, to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

ccli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of 'he Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act* 1883, relating to the Drogheda Union.

cclii. An Act to enable the Golden Valley Railway Company to abandon a portion of their authorised Railway; to construct new Railways; and for other purposes.

ccliii. An Act to authorise the Wirral Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Birkenhead and for other purposes.

ccliv. An Act to authorise the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company to raise further money by debentures.

cclv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to purchase the Undertakings of the Bristol Port and Channel Dock Company the Bristol Port and Channel Dock Warehouse Company Limited and the Portishead Warehouse Company Limited and the Dock Undertaking of the Bristol and Portishead Pier and Railway Company and for other purposes.

cclvi. An Act to authorise the Great Western Railway Company to acquire the Pier and Railway Undertaking of the Bristol and Portishead Pier and Railway Company and for other purposes.

cclvii. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Dock at Barry Island and Railways and Works in Glamorganshire connected therewith and for other purposes.

cclviii. An Act to authorise the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company to make branch railways in the Parish of Portland in the County of Dorset and for other purposes.

cclix. An Act to amend the provisions of the London and South-Western and Metropolitan District Railway Companies (Kingston and London Railway) Act 1882.

cclx. An Act for constructing a Subway or Tunnel between East and West Cowes under the River Medina and approaches thereto and for other purposes.

cclxi. An Act for empowering the Milford Docks Company to construct railways, and for other purposes.

270

Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Vict.

cclxii. An Act to increase the number of Aldermen and Councillors of the Borough of Brighton: to authorise the Corporation of the said Borough to make and maintain certain Works and Improvements to provide a New Market to regulate the Race-course and certain Squares and Enclosed Places and Burial Grounds to purchase Lands and to make further provision for the good Government of the Borough and to borrow further moneys: and for other purposes.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES HAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to enable the Executors and surviving Trustee of the Will of Augustus John Smith Esquire deceased to surrender existing Leases and to accept a new Lease of the Scilly Isles and to determine a Trust for Accumulation contained in the said Will and for other purposes.

2. An Act to authorise certain arrangements with regard to the Trust Estate of the late Robert Montgomery Hamilton Lord Belhaven and Stenton, and to empower his Trustee to carry the same into effect.

3. An Act to confirm certain Leases Conveyances and Assignment under the Will of William Hallett Esquire deceased and to give the Trustees powers of leasing and sale and for other purposes.

4. An Act to enable the Sale of the Glebe Lands of the Rectory of Winwick, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the disposal of the proceeds for the endowment of that Rectory, and additional endowments of other Benefices.

5. An Act to further amend "The Earl of Aylesfords Estate Act, 1882."

6. An Act to facilitate the Sale, free from incumbrances, of the Estates in England and Ireland of the Right Honourable William Reginald Earl of Devon, and the Honourable Edward Baldwin Courtenay, commonly called Lord Courtenay.

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

(47 & 48 Vict., 1884,)

ARRANGED IN CLASSES.

[List of acts in classes removed.]

285

TABLES

SHOWING

THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR’S LEGISLATION.

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict, (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on former Acts.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 47 & 48 Vict.

(A.)

Acts of 47 & 48 Vict, (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on

former Acts.

Ch.

1. Mb. Speaker’s Retirement [IJ.K.]

Settles an annuity of 4,000Z. upon the Right Hon. Sir Henry Brand.

2. National Debt [U.K.]

Repeals (upon the cancellation of the last remaining portion of the Indian Loan Annuity, 1881) s. 7 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 54., National Debt Act, 1883, and also 44 & 45 Vict. c. 54., Indian Loan Act, 1881.

Applies 46 & 47 Vict. c. 54.

3. London Brokers’ Relief [E.]

Amends 6 Anne, c. 16., Brokers (City of London).

, 57 Geo. 3. c. lx., Gauger (City of London): Brokers.

, 33 & 34 Vict. c. 60., London Brokers’ Relief Act, 1870.

4. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) (11, 817, 505?. 14s. 10 [U.K.]

5. Valuation (Metropolis) Amendment [E.]

Amends, and is construed with, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 67., Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

6. Dublin Science and Art Museum [I.]

Amends 40 & 41 Vict. c. ccxxxiv., Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877. Incorporates 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18., Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, &c.

7. Tst.k or Man Harbours [E.]

Amends |5 & || Vict. c. 23., j Isle of Man Harbours Acts, 1872 and 1874.

8. Army (Annual) [U.K.]

Continues, and amends, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881.

9. Bankruptcy Appeals (County Courts) [E.]

Amends 46 & 47 Vict. c. 52., Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

10. Trustee Churches (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 32 & 33 Vict. c. 42., Irish Church Act, 1869.

11. Freshwater Fisheries [E.]

Amends and applies 41 & 42 Vict. c. 39., Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878.

Extends, explains, and applies 28 & 29 Vict. c. 121., Salmon Fishery Act, 1865. Extends and applies 36 & 37 Vict. c. 71., Salmon Fishery Act, 1873.

Applies 39 & 40 Vict. c. 19., Salmon Fishery Act, 1876.

Provides for application of this Act and of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 39. (with certain exceptions) to Norfolk and Suffolk.

286

Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48 Vict.

Tuble A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict. (in order of Chapter),

12. Public Health (Confirmation of Byelaws) [E.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

Incorporates s. 128 of 10 & 11 Vict. c.’34., Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847.

, s. 68 and s. 69 of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 89., Town Police Clauses Act, 1847.

, s. 42 of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 14., Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847.

13. Contagious Diseases (Animals) [U.K.]

Amends 41 & 42 Vict. c. 74., Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878.

14. Married Women’s Property [E. & I.]

Amends 45 & 46 Vict. c. 75., Married Women’s Property Act, 1882.

15. Consolidated Fond (Ho. 2) (6, 519, 368Z.) [U.K.]

16. Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (Scotland) [S.]

Applies to Scotland certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883 (46 & 47 Vict. c. 52.)

Applies 43 & 44 Vict. c. 34., Debtors (Scotland) Act, 1880.

17. Metropolitan Police [E.]

Provides for the appointment of an additional Assistant Commissioner of Police. Amends and applies 19 & 20 Vict. c. 2., Metropolitan Police Act, 1856. '

, , 31 & 32 Vict. c. 67., Police Bate Act, 1868.

, , 38 & 39 Vict. c. 28., Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation)

Act, 1875.

Recites, in Schedule, Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1875.

18. Settled Land [E. & I.]j

Amends 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38., Settled Land Act, 1882.

19. Summary Jurisdiction over Children (Ireland) [I.]

Amends Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts.

Extends certain enactments relative to appeals.

Recites, in Schedule, Indictable Offences which can be dealt with summarily.

20. Greek Marriages [E.]

Removes doubts as to validity of certain Greek Marriages.

Applies 21 & 22 Vict. c. 93., Legitimacy Declaration Act, 1858.

21. Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund (Ireland) [I.]

Transfers fund to Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

Incorporates certain provisions of 37 & 38 Vict. c. 86./Irish Reproductive Loan Fund and 45 & 46 Vict. c. 16. - - I Acts, 1874 and 1882.

22. Loans for Schools.and Training Colleges (Ireland) [I.]

Amends Law relating to Buildings of Hon-vested National Schools, &c.

Applies Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Acts, 10 & 11 Vict. c. 32., &c.

23. National Debt (Conversion of Stock) [U.K.]

Applies 33 & 34 Vict. c. 71., National Debt Act, 1870.

Extends 43 & 44 Vict. c. 36., Savings Banks Act, 1880.

24. Colonial Attorneys Relief Act Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 20 & 21 Vict. c. 39., I.-, , ., ...t> , - .

, 37 & 38 Vict. c. 41., J Colomal Attorneys Relief Act.

25. Customs and Inland Revenue [U.K.]

Continues Import Duties on Tea (6d. the pound).

Grants duty of 15s. on licence for hackney carriage.

Reduces duties on carriages commenced to be used on or after the 1st October in any year.

Grants duties of income tax, and applies former Acts.

26. Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act (1877) Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 40 & 41 Vict. c. 42., Fisheries (Oyster, &c.) Act, 1877.

27. Sea Fisheries [U.K.]

Further amends 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45., Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

28. Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 46 & 47 Vict. c. 43., Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

29. Licensing (Evidence) [E. & I.]

Extends s. 41 of 35 & 36 Vic", c. 94., Licensing Act, 1872.

1884. Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

287

Ch.

30. Great Seal [U.K.]

Repeals 27 Hen. 8. c. 11., Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal.

, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 82., Forms of Appointments to certain Offices, &c. under

Great Seal.

, s. 3 of 43 & 44 Vict. c. 10., Great Seal Act, 1880.

Applies 40 & 41 Vict. c. 41., Crown Office Act, 1877.

31. Colonial Prisoners Removal [U.K., &c.]

Applies 37 & 38 Vict. c. 27., Courts (Colonial) Jurisdiction Act, 1874.

32. Royal Military Asylum, Chelsea (Transfer) [E.]

Transfers the Asylum from Commissioners of Woods to Commissioners of Works.

33. Newcastle Chapter [E.]

Recites 41 & 42 Vict. c. 68., Bishoprics Act, 1878.

34. Elections (Hours of Poll) [U.K.]

Applies 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

, 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108., &c., Municipal Corporations (Ireland).

35. County of Dublin Jurors’ and Voters’ Revision [I.]

Applies provisions of Acts regulating registration of parliamentary voters in counties in Ireland, &c.

36. Prisons (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 40 & 41 Vict. c. 49., General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877.

37. Public Libraries [U.K.]

Amends 18 & 19 Vict. c. 70., 1

; 34 & 35 Vict. c. 71^* rPublic Libraries (England) Acts, 1855 to 1877.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 54., J

, 30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 37.,]

, 34 & 35 Vict. c. 59., } Public Libraries (Scotland) Acts, 1867 to 1877.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 54., J

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 40.,]

, 40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict. c. 15., >• Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts, 1855 to 1877.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 54., J

38. Indian Marine Service [U.K.]

Provides for the regulation of Her Majesty's Indian Marine Service.

Applies 24 & 25 Vict. c. 67., Indian Councils Act, 1861.

39. Naval Discipline [U.K.]

Amends 29 & 30 Vict. c. 109., Naval Discipline Act, 1866.

Applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881.

Provides (in s. 7) for printing of Naval Discipline Act, 1866, as amended.

Repeals (with savings) the following:

44. Geo 3. c. 13., Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others from His Majesty's Service.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. s. 16 in part, Punishment of Rogues and Vagabonds.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 109. in part, Discipline of the Navy.

40. Reformatory and Industrial Schools (Manx Children) [GB.]

Applies 29 & 30 Vict. c. 117., Reformatory Schools Act, 1866.

" 43 44 Victi c 158, } Industrial Schools Acts, 1866 and 1880.

41. Building Societies [U.K.]

Amends 37 & 38 Vict. c. 42., Building Societies Act, 1874.

42. Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) [S.]

Amends 23 & 24 Vict. c. 79., Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Act, 1860.

Extends and applies Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Acts.

43. Summary Jurisdiction [E.]

Repeals (with proviso) the enactments contained in the Schedule.

[These enactments will be found in their chronological order in Table B. See 295 et seq.]

Repeals obsolete punishments for non-payment of fines, &c.

Removes doubts as to application of Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and as to expression " court of summary jurisdiction."

288

Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48 Tier.

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

43. Summary Jurisdiction [E.] — continued.

Removes doubts, also, as to effect of s. 227 of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Cor.

?orations Act, 1882) on s. 38 of 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. (Summary Jurisdiction Act, 879), and as to effect of forms altered by rules made by the Lord Chancellor. Applies 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43., Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

Applies and extends 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49., Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

44. Naval Pensions [U.K.]

Preamble recites Acts relating to Naval Pensions, &c.

Amends 28 & 29 Vict. c. 73., Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 18S5.

, 28 & 29 Vict. c. 89., Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865.

Repeals (so far as it relates to Greenwich out-pensioners) 19 & 20 Vict. c. 15., Green.

wich and Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

Applies 28 & 29 Vict. cc. 73, 111, and 124, to Greenwich Hospital pensions.

45. National School Teachers (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 42 & 43 Vict. c. 74., National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879.

46. Naval Enlistment [U.K.]

Amends 16 & 17 Vict. c. 69., Naval Enlistment Act, 1853.

Construes Act with Naval Enlistment Acts, 1835 and 1853.

Extends to Marines sections 16 and 21 of 16 and 17 Vict. c. 73., Naval Coast Yolnn-teers.

Applies s. 91 of 44 & 45 Vict 45 Vict. c. 58. (Army Act, 1881).

47. Contagious Diseases (Animals) — Transfer of Parts of Districts [U.K.]

Amends 41 & 42 Vict. c. 74., Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878.

48. Oyster Cultivation (Ireland) [I.]

Extends powers of Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, under 32 & 33 Vict. c. 92. (Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1869), to grant licenses for forming or planting oyster beds or layings.

Applies 7 & 8 Vict. c. 108., Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1844.

Extends Act to mussels.

49. Public Works Loans [U.K.]

Grants 3,000,000Z. for Public Works Loans, and 1, 200,000?. for Public Works Loans in Ireland.

Grants 500,000Z. to Irish Land Commission under 44 & 45 Vict. c. 49., Land Lav (Ireland) Act, 1881, and under 46 & 47 Vict. c. 43., Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

Applies 38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 89., |Public Works Loans Acts> 1875 and 1879.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 27., Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877.

50. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) [E.]

Amends, and applies, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 27., Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883.

, and applies, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 102., Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869.

, Acts regulating the sale of superfluous lands by the Board.

Construes Act with Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to 1871. »n" Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1883.

Applies Main Drainage Acts.

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

Empowers Board to expend moneys for purposes described in First Schedule.

51. Prisons [E.] f

Removes doubts as to powers of Secretary of State in relation to altering, &c. oi Prisons, under 40 & 41 Vict. c. 21., Prison Act, 1877.

Repeals sections 23 to 29 of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 126., Prison Act, 1865.

52. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance [E.] ,

Continues certain Turnpike Acts, and repeals certain other Turnpike Acts, as set iorta in Schedules 1 to 6.

Applies 23 & 24 Vict. c. 51., jLocal Taxation Returns Acts, 1860 and 1877.

, 38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 83., Local Loans Act, 1875.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77., Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878.

1884. Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

289

Ca.

53. Expiring Laws Continuance [U.K.]

Continues (as specified in Schedule) the following Acts, and enactments amending the same; viz.:—

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27., Linen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland).

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89., Poor Rates (Stock in Trade Exemption).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35., Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commissioners (now Land Commissioners).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59., Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

10 & II Vict. c. 32., Landed Property Improvement (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98., Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32., County Cess (Ireland).

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104., Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management.

17 & IS Vict. c. 102., Corrupt Practices Prevention.

« 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19., Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland).

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109., Salmon Fishery (England).

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105., Promissory Notes.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20., Promissory Notes, &c. (Ireland).

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46., Militia Ballots Suspension.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 83., Locomotives on Roads.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52., Prosecution Expenses.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125., Parliamentary Elections.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21., Election Commissioners Expenses.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56., Endowed Schools (Schemes).

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87., Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot).

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48., Regulation of Railways.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 48., Police Expenses.

38 it 39 Vict. c. 84., Returning Officers Expenses.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 21., Juries (Ireland).

41 & 42 Vict c. 41., Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72., Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland).

43 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Elections.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 35., Diseases Prevention, Metropolis.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51., Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention.

54. Yorkshire Registries [E.]

Repeals (with proviso) the following Acts: —

2 & 3 Anne, c. 4., Registration of Deeds, &c. (W. R. York).

6 Anne, c. 20*., Inrolments of Bargains and Sales (W. R. York).

6 Anne, c. 62f., Registration of Deeds, &c. (E. R. York, Ac.)

8 Geo. 2. c. 6., Registration of Deeds, &c. (N. R. York).

Applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41., Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 188J.

, Incloaure Acts, 1845 to 1876.

, 27 & 28 Vict. c. 114., Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

55. Pensions and Yeomanry Pay [E. & S.j

Repeals (with proviso) the following: —

44 Geo. 3. c. 54. in part, Yeomanry and Volunteers (Great Britain).

53 Geo. 3. c. 51., Relief of Widows of Military Officers from Stamp Duties on receipt of Pensions in Ireland.

7 Geo. 4. c. 58. s. 4, Yeomanry Cavalry and Volunteers (Great Britain).

19 & 20 Vict. c. 15J., Payment of Greenwich and Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 90. s. 2, Payments by Public Departments.

Removes doubts respecting recovery of certain penalties and sums of money under Geo. 3. c. 54., Yeomanry Act, 1804.

Applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881.

, in England, Summary Jurisdiction Acts, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49., &c.

, in Scotland, 27 & 28 Vict. c. 53. and 44 & 45 Vict. c. 33., Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881.

* 5 Anne, c. 18. in Ruffhead.

c. 35. in liuflhead.

J So far as the Act relates to Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

290 Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48 Vict.

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

56. Chartered Companies [TJ.K.]

Declares the law relating to the Incorporation of Chartered Companies tinder 1 Vict. c. 73.

57. Superannuation [TJ.K.]

Extends certain powers of Superannuation Act Amendment Act, 1873 (36 & 37 Vict. c. 23.)

Applies 22 Vict. c. 26., Superannuation Act, 1859.

58. Prosecution op Oppences [E.]

Amends 42 & 43 Vict. c. 22., Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879.

Extends 39 & 40 Vict. c. 18., Treasury Solicitor Act, 1876.

59. Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) [I.]

Enables sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

60. Metropolitan Asylum Board [E.]

Enables the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylums District to borrow for certain purposes of the Diseases Prevention (Metropolis) Act, 1883 (46 & 47 Vict. c. 35.) Applies 30 & 31 Vict. c. 6., Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867.

61. Supreme Court op Judicature [E.]

Amends Supreme Court of Judicature Acts (36 & 37 Vict. c. 66., Ac.).

, 17 & 18 Vict. c. 34., Attendance of Witnesses.

, 39 & 40 Vict. c. 59., Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876.

, and applies 17 & 18 Vict. c. 125., Common Law Procedure Act, 1854.

, and extends 42 & 43 Vict. c. 78., Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act,

1879.

Extends 13 & 14 Vict. c. 25., Justices of Assize.

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 134., Court of Chancery, &c.

, and applies 36 & 37 Vict. c. 6f>., Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873. Applies 4 A 5 Will. 4. c. 24., Pensions, Civil Offices.

, 22 Vict. c. 26., Superannuation.

, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 68., Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1881.

62. Revenue [TJ.K/)

Amends the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue and to the Audit of Public Accounts.

Repeals s. Ill and part of s. 142 of 39 & 40 Vict. c. 36., Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

Amends and applies 43 & 44 Vict. c. 19., Taxes Management Act, 1880.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 23., Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1867.

, 33 & 34 Vict. c. 97., Stamp Act, 1870.

, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 39., Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866.

Construes Part I. of Act with Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and Part I. of Revenue Act, 1883 (46 & 47 Vict. c. 55.)

63. Trusts (Scotland) [S.]

Amends, extends, and construes Act with 24 & 25 Vict. c. 84., 26 & 27 Vict. c. 115., and 30 & 31 Vict. c. 97., Trusts (Scotland) Acts.

Applies 30 & 31 Vict. c. 132., Trust Funds Act, 1867.

64. Criminal Lunatics [E. (Certain express provisions extend to Scotland and Ireland.)]

Repeals (in whole or in part) the following Acts: —

3 & 4 Vict. c. 54., Confinement and Maintenance of Insane Prisoners.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 26. s. 21, Millbank Prison.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 96. s. 38 in part, Care and Treatment of Lunatics.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 75. in part. Criminal Lunatic Asylums.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 86. s. 15, Lunacy Regulation Act, 1862.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 29., Confinement and Maintenance of Insane Prisoners.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 109. in part, Naval Discipline Act, 1866.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 12., Criminal Lunatics Act, 1867.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 78., Criminal Lunatics Act, 1869.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. in part, Army Act, 1881.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 88. in part, Trial of Lunatics Act, 1883.

1884.

Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

291

Ch.

64. Criminal Lunatics [E. (Certain express provisions extend to Scotland and Ireland)] — continued.

Applies 8 & 9 Vict. c. 100., Lunacy Act, 1845.

, 16 & 17 Vict. c. 97., Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853.

, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 75., Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860.

, 25 & 26 Vict. c. 54., Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862.

, 25 & 26 Vict. c. 86., Lunacy Regulation Act, 1862.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 67., Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1875.

65. New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment [E.]

Amends New Parishes Acts; viz., 6 & 7 Vict. c. 37., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 94., 19 & 20 Vict.

c. 104., and 32 & 33 Vict. c. 94.

Amends Church Building Acts; viz., 58 Geo. 3. c. 45., 59 Geo. 3. c. 134., 3 Geo. 4. c. 72., 5 Geo. 4. c. 103., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72., 1 A 2 Will. 4. c. 38., 2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 61., 1 & 2 Vict. c. 107., 2 & 3 Vict. c. 49., 3 & 4 Vict. c. 60., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 56., 8 & 9 Vict. c. 70., 9 & 10 Vict. c. 68., 11 & 12 Vict. c. 37., 14 & 15 Vict. c. 97., 17 & 18 Vict. c. 32., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 55., and 32 & 33 Vict. c. 94.

66. Bishopric op Bristol [E.]

Provides for the disunion of the Sees of Gloucester and Bristol.

Applies 41 & 42 Vict. c. 68., Bishoprics Act, 1878.

67. Improvement op Lands (Ecclesiastical Benefices) [E.]

Applies 27 & 28 Vict. c. 114., Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

68. Matrimonial Causes [E.]

Amends the Matrimonial Causes Acts with respect to the restitution of conjugal rights.

69. Cholera, &c. Protection (Ireland) [I.]

Applies 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 59., Epidemic and other Diseases Prevention Act, 1883.

, Acts for Relief of the Poor in Ireland.

70. Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) [E.]

Repeals s. 33 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75., Elementary Education Act, 1870.

, in part, and applies, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. Applies 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51., Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 105., Poor Law Amendment Act, 1851.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

, 5 & 6 Vict. c. 57., Poor Law Amendment Act, 1842.

Limits duration of Act to the end of the year 1886.

Sets forth (in Third Schedule) the enactments defining Corrupt Practices, Bribery, &c.

71. Intestates Estates TE. A I.]

Applies 39 & 40 Vict. c. 18., Treasury Solicitor Act, 1876.

, 15 & 16 Vict. c. 55., Trustee Act Extension.

72. Disused Burial Grounds [E.]

Prevents the erection of buildings on certain disused burial grounds affected by Orders in Council made in pursuance of 15 & 16 Vict. c. 85. and 16 & 17 Vict. c. 134., Burial of the Dead.

73. Appropriation [U.K.]

74. Public Health (Officers) [E.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

75. Canal Boats [E.]

Amends 40 & 41 Vict. c. 60., Canal Boats Act, 1877.

76. Post Office (Protection) [U.K.]

Repeals 7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 36. in part, Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

, 3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. in part, Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 22. s. 10. in part, Post Office Act, 1875.

, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. s. 53 in part. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 20. s. 7, Post Office (Land) Act, 1881.

, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 33. s. 11 in part. Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1881 *

Amends 41 & 42 Vict. c. 26., Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878.

292

Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48 VICT.

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict, (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

76. Post Office (Protection) [U.K.] — continued.

Applies 32 & 33 Vict. c. 73., Telegraph Act, 1869.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 22. Post Office Act, 1875.

, 7 Will. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 36., Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

, in England, Summary Jurisdiction English) Acts, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49., &c.

, in Scotland, 27 & 28 Vict. c. 53. and 44 A45 Vict. c. 33., Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) cts, 1864 and 1881.

, in Ireland, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93., Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, &c. Substitutes 32 & 33 Vict. c. 18. s. 1 in Telegraph Act, 1878, for 31 & 32 Vict. c. 119. s. 33.

77. Public Health (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

Applies 34 & 35 Vict. c. 109., Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871.

Corrupt Practices (Suspension op Elections) [E.]

Suspends elections for Boston, Canterbury, Chester, Gloucester, Macclesfield, Oxford, and Sandwich.

(B.)

Acts of former Sessions (in Chronological Order) Repealed and Amended

by Acts of 47 & 48 Vict.

(For enactments repealed by the Summary Jurisdiction Act (Chap. 43.), see p. 295, post.)

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 47 & 48 Vict.

27 Hen. 8. c. 11. - i Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal. Repealed - 30

2 A 3 Anne, c. 4. - Registration of Deeds, &c. Repealed - 1 54

6 Anne, c. 16. - . Brokers (City of London) Amended - ! 3

, c. 20* - Inrolments of Bargains and Sales Repealed - 1 54

, c. 62.f . Registration of Deeds, &c. Repealed - 54

8 Geo. 2. c. 6. - - ! j Registration of Deeds, &c. Repealed - 54

44 Geo. 3. c. 13. - Desertion, &c. of Seamen, &c. from His Majesty's Service. Repealed - 39

, c. 54. in part - Yeomanry and Volunteers (Great Britain). Repealed - 55

53 Geo. 3. c. 51. - - Stamp Duties Exemptions (Ireland). Repealed - 55

57 Geo. 3. c. lx. - Gauger (City of London): Brokers. Amended - 3

58 Geo. 3. c. 45. - Church Building - Amended -:6:>

59 Geo. 3. c. 13*1. - - Church Building - Amended -, 65

3 Geo. 4. c. 72. - - I Church Building - Amended - 65

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. b. 16 in part - | Punishment of Rogues and j Vagabonds. Repealed - j 39

, c. 103. - - | Church Building- Amended - i 65

7 Geo. 4. c. 58. s. 4. -, Yeomanry Cavalry and Volun-l teers (Great Britain). Repealed - 55

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72. - Church Building... Amended - i 65

* 5 Anne, c. 18. in Ruff head. | c. 35. in Ruffhead.

1884.

Effect of Legis.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

293

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 47 & 48 Vict.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 38. - . Church Building - Amended - 65

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 61. - - Church Building - Amended - 65

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 36. part. 1 & 2 Vict. c. 107. - in Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837 - Repealed - 76

Church Building- Amended - 65

2 & 3 Vict. c. 49. Church Building- Amended - 65

3 & 4 Vict. c. 54. Insane Prisoners - Repeal 64

, c. 60. - . Church Building - Amended - 65

, c. 96. in part 6 & 7 Vict. c. 26. s. 21 Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840 - Repealed - 76

- Millbank Prison - Repealed - 64

, c. 37. New Parishes Amended - 65

7 & 8 Vict. c. 56. Church Building ... Amended - 65

, c. 94. - _ New Parishes - Amended 65

8 & 9 Vict. c. 70. Church Building - Amended - 65

9 & 10 Vict. c. 68. Church Building - Amended - 65

11 & 12 Vict. c. 37. - . Church Building ... Amended - 65

14 & 15 Vict. c. 82. - - Forms of Appointments, &c. Repealed - 30

(Great Seal).

, c. 97. - . Church Building - Amended - 65

16 & 17 Vict. c. 69. - - Naval Enlistment Act, 1853 Amended - 46

, c. 96. s. 38 in Care and Treatment of Lunatics Repealed - 64

part. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 32. - Church Building -Attendance of Witnesses Amended - 65

i) c. 34. Amended - 61

I, c. 125. - . Common Law Procedure Act, Amended - 61

1854.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 40. - Public Libraries (Ireland) Amended - 37

, c. 70. - - Public Libraries (England) Amended - 37

19 & 20 Vict. c. 2. - . Metropolitan Police Amended - 17

, c. 15. - . Greenwich and Chelsea Out- Repealed* 44 and 55

Pensioners.

, c. 55. - . Church Building- Amended - 65

, c. 104. - - New Parishes Amended - 65

20 & 21 Vict. c. 39., 1 37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. c. 41., / - Colonial Attorneys Belief Act - Amended - 24

23 & 24 Vict. c. 75. in part - Criminal Lunatic Asylums Repealed - 64

, c. 79. - . Sheriff* Court Houses (Scotland) Amended - 42

24 & 25 Vict. c. 84. - . Trusts (Scotland) Amended - 63

25 & 26 Vict. c. 86. s. 15. - Lunacy Regulation Act, 1862 - Repealed - 64

26 & 27 Vict. c. 115. - Trusts (Scotland) Amended - 63

27 & 28 Vict. c. 29. - . Insane Prisoners - Repealed - 64

28 & 29 Vict. c. 73. - - Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions. - Amended - 44

, c. 89. - . Greenwich Hospital Amended - 44

, c. 126. ss. 23 29 29 & 30 Vict. c. 39. - to Prison Act, 1865 - Repealed - 51

Exchequer and Audit Depart- Amended - 62

ments Act, 1866.

, c. 109. - Naval Discipline Act, 1866 Amended - 39 and 64

, c. 114. - . Public Libraries (England) Amended - 37

30 & 31 Vict. c. 12. - - Criminal Lunatics Act, 1867 Repealed - 6-4

, c. 23. - . Customs and Inland Revenue Amended - 62

Act, 1867.

, c. 37. - - Public Libraries (Scotland) Amended - 37

, c. 97. - - | Trusts (Scotland) Amended - 63

* By chapter so far as the Act relates to Greenwich out-pensioners, and by chapter 55 so far as it relates to Chelsea out-pensioners.

294

Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48 'Vict.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended —

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 47 & 48 Vict.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 46. - 1 Sea Fisheries Act, 1868 - Amended - 27

, c. 67. - Police Bate Act, 1868 Amended - 17

, c. 90. s. 2 Payments by Public Departments. Repealed - 55

32 & 33 Vict. c. 42. - Irish Church Act, 1869 - Amended - JO

, c. 67. - Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869 Amended - 5

, c. 78. - Criminal Lunatics Act, 1869 Repealed - 64

, c. 94. - New Parishes, <fcc. Amended - 65

, c. 102. - Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869. Amended - 50

33 & 34 Vict. c. 60. - London Brokers’ Relief Act, 1870. Amended - 3

) i c. 75. s. 33 Elementary Education Act, 1870 Repealed - 70

»* o* 97. Stamp Act, 1870 - Amended - 62

34 & 35 Vict. c. 59. - Public Libraries (Scotland) Amended - 37

, c. 71. - Public Libraries (England) Amended - 37

35 & 36 Vict. c. 23. - Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872 - Amended - 7

36 & 37 Vict. c. 66., &c. Supreme Court of Judicature Acts. Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874 - Amended - 61

37 & 38 Vict. c. 8. - Amended - 7

, c. 42. - Building Societies Post Office Act, 1875 - Amended - 41

38 & 39 Vict. c. 22. s. 10 in jsart. Repealed - 76

Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875. Amended - 17

»» c. 55. Public Health Act, 1875 - Amended - 12 and 74

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36. s. Ill, and part of s. 142. Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 Repealed - 62

, c. 59. - Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876 Amended - 61

40 & 41 Vict. c. 15. - Public Libraries (Ireland) Amended - 37

, c. 42. - Fisheries (Oyster, &c.) Act, 1877 Amended - 26

, o. 49. - General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877. Amended - 36

, c. 54. - Public Libraries - Amended - 37

, c. 60. - Canal Boats Act, 1877 - Amended - 75

yf c. ccxxxiv. Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877. Amended - 6

41 & 42 Vict. c. 26. - Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878. Amended - 76

, c. 39. - Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878 - Amended - n

, c. 52. - Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878. Amended - 77

, c. 74. - Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878. Amended - 13 and 47

42 & 43 Vict. c. 22. - Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879. Amended - 58

, c. 49. s. 53 in part., c. 74. - Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879 Repealed - 76

National School Teachers (Ireland). Amended - 45

, c. 78. - Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879. Amended - 61

43 & 44 Vict. c. 10. s. 3 Great Seal Act, 1880 Repealed - 30

u c. 19. - Taxes Management Act, 1880 Amended - 62

44 & 45 Vict. c. 20. s. 7. Post Office (Land) Act, 1881 Repealed - 76

, c. 33. s. 11 in part., c. 54. - Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1881. Repealed 76

Indian Loan Act, 1881 - Repealed - 2

, c. 58. - - Army Act, 1881 - Amended - 8 and 64

1884. Effect of Le. 295

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 47 & 48 Vict.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 38. - Settled Land Act, 1882 - Amended - 18

, c. 50. in part - Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. Repealed - 70

, c. 75. - Married Women’s Property Act, 1882. Amended - 14

46 & 47 Vict. c. 27. - Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883. Amended - 50

, c. 38. in part - Trial of Lunatics Act, 1883 Repealed - 64

, c. 43. - Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883. Amended - 28

, c. 52. - Bankruptcy Act, 1883 -National Debt Act, 1883 - Amended - 9

, c. 54. s. 7 Repealed - 2

Enactments repealed by the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43.

(This Schedule down to the year 1868 refers to the Statutes, Revised Edition, published by authority under the direction of the Statute Law Committee).

Act repealed by 47 & 48 Vict. c. 48.

Subject-matter of Act repealed.

3 Will. & Mar. c. 11. s. 9 in pt. 7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 6. in pt.

I Anne, Stat. 2, c. 22. ss. 1

and in pt. 9 Geo. 1. c. 27. in pt.

12 Geo. 1. c. 34. in pt.

II Geo. 2. c. 19. ss. 4 and 5

in pt.

12 Geo. 2. c. 28. in pt.

13 Geo. 2. c. 8. in pt.

15 Geo. 2. c. 27. ss. 1 and 2 in pt.

19 Geo. 2. o. 21. in pt.

22 Geo. 2. c. 27. in pt.

27 Geo. 2. c. 7. in pt.

5 Geo. 3. c. 51. in pt.

14 Geo. 3. c. 25. in pt.

, c. 44. in pt.

15 Geo. 3. c. 14.

17 Geo. 3. c. 11. in pt. -, c. 29. in pt.

, c. 55. s. 3, and s. 8 in pt., c. 56. in pt.

24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 3. in pt.

25 Geo. 3. c. 40. in pt.

26 Geo. 3. c. 71. in pt. -31 Geo. 3. c. 56. in pt.

Settlement of the Poor.

More easy Recovery of small Tythes.

Abuses and Frauds in Woollen, &c. and Iron Manufactures.

Preventing journeymen Shoemakers selling, &c. Boots, Shoes, &c.

Unlawful Combinations of Workmen in Woollen Manufactures, &c.

Payment of Rents and preventing Frauds by Tenants.

Preventing excessive and deceitful gaming.

Amending 1 Anne, Stat. 2, c. 22.

Stealing in the night-time Cloth or Woollen Goods on the Rack or Tenters, &c.

Profane Cursing and Swearing.

Frauds and Abuses in manufacture of Hats, and in Woollen, &c. Manufactures. Unlawful Combinations of journeymen Dyers, &c.

Frauds and Abuses in manufacture of Clocks and Watches.

Woollen Cloth Manufacture, &c.

Frauds and Embezzlements in Woollen Manufactory.

Amending 22 Geo. 2. c. 27.

Amending 14 Geo. 3. c. 44.

Frauds and Abuses in manufactures of Combing Wool, Ao.

Preventing manufacture of Ash, Elder, and other leaves in imitation of Tea, &c.

Regulating the Hat Manufactory.

Frauds and Abuses in manufacture of Hats, and in Woollen, &c. Manufactures. Frauds by journeymen Dyers.

j. Frauds and Abuses in manufactures of Combing Wool, &c.

Slaughtering Horses.

Abuses and Frauds in manufactures of Combing Wool, &c.

296

Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48 Vict.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 47 & 48 Vict. c. 48. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

32 Geo. 3. c. 56. in pt. -, c. 57. in pt. - 33 Geo. 3. c. 55. s. 1 in pt., and s. 2. 36 Geo. 3. c. 60. in pt. -, c. 85. s. 8 in pt., and 8. 10., c. 88. in pt. -39 Geo. 3. c. 79. inj>t. -39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 77. s. 8, and s. 10 in pt. 41 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 39 in pt. (U.K.) 42 Geo. 3. c. 46. in pt. -, c. 56. in pt. -, o. 119. s. 6 in pt. Geo. 3. c. 54. ss. 45 and 52 in pt. 48 Geo. 3. c. 75. in pt. -52 Geo. 3. c. 155. ss. 15 and 16 in pt. 54 Geo. 3. c. 159. in pt. - Counterfeiting Certificates of Characters of Servants. Regulation of Parish Apprentices. Pines on Constables, Overseers, and other officers for neglect of duty, &c. Making and vending of Metal Buttons. Better Regulation of Mills. Buying and selling of Hay and Straw. Suppression of Seditious and Treasonable Societies. Security of Collieries and Mines, &c. Inclosure Acts Consolidation. Register of Parish Apprentices, &c. Stamp Duties on Medicines. Suppression of unauthorised Games and Lotteries. Consolidating Acts relating to Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain. Interment of human bodies cast on shore from the Sea. Religious Worship and Assemblies. Regulation of Ports, Harbours, &c. in United Kingdom, and of His Majesty's Docks, &c. therein.

55 Geo. 3. c. 137. ss. 8 and 9 in pt. 56 Geo. 3. c. 139. in pt. - 57 Geo. 3. c. 19. in pt. -, c. 93. in pt. -59 Geo. 3. c. 7. in pt. - 3 Geo. 4. c. 126. in pt. - 4 Geo. 4. c. 60. s. 38, and s. 67 in pt., c. 80. ss. 29 and 30. -, c. 95. s. 83, and s. 87 in pt. 5 Geo. 4. c. 83. in pt. - 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 56, and s. 57 in pt. 9 Geo. 4. c. 69. in pt. - 1 <fc 2 Will. 4. c. 22. in pt., c. 32. in pt., c. 37. in pt., c. 41. in pt. 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 120. in pt. 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 90. s. 62, and s. 63 in pt. 4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76. in pt. 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50. in pt. 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 11. s. 10 in pt., c. 37. in pt., c. 86. ss. 46 and 47 in pt. 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 36. in pt. 2 & 3 Vict. c. 71. in pt. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 50. in pt., c. 84. in pt., c. 85. in pt., c. 97. ss. 13 and 16 in pt. Embezzling Property by poor persons in Workhouses. Poor Relief. Binding of Parish Apprentices. Preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies. Costs of Distresses levied for Payment of small Rents. Cutlery Trade (England). Turnpike Roads (England). Lotteries. East India Company. Registration of Vessels (India). Turnpike Roads (England; . Punishment of Rogues and Vagabonds (England). Jurors and Juries. Destruction of Game. Hackney Carriages, &c. Hawkers and Pedlars. Game Laws. Prohibiting Payment of Wages in Goods. Appointment of special Constables. Preservation of the Peace Duties on Stage Carriages, &c. Lighting and watching of Parishes in England and Wales. Poor Laws (England and Wales). Highways (England). Registration of Aliens. Making and Sale of Bread. Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (England'- Offences against the Post Office. Metropolitan Police Courts. Canal Police. Powers of Justices within Metropolitan Police District. Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys. Regulation of Railways.

1884. Effect of Legislation.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

297

Act repealed by 47 & 48 Vict c. 43. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. in pt. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 100. s. 8 in pt., and s. 13., c. 109. s. 24 6 & 7 Vict. c. 30. in pt., c. 40. in pt., c. 68. s. 19 in pt. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 101. a. 4 in pt., c. 87. ss. 7 and 9 in pt. 8 & 9 Vict. c. 10. s. 3., c. 16. in pt., c. 18. in pt., c. 20. in pt., c. 77. in pt., c. 100. in pt., c. 109. ss. 11 and 20 in pt. 9 & 10 Vict. c. 95. in pt. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. s. 71 inpt., c. 38. ss. 16 and 17., o. 62. in pt. 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. in pt. 12 & 13 Vict. c. 14. s. 9., c. 45. s. 1 in pt., c. 92. in pt. 15 & 16 Vict. c. 81. s. 46 16 & 17 Vict. c. 33. in pt., c. 73. s. 23 in pt., c. 97. s. 128 in pt., c. 119. in pt. -, c. 128. 88. 1 and 2 in pt. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 38. in pt., c. 104. s. 518. sub-section (4.) in pt. 18 & 19 Vict. c. 119. in pt. -, c. 120. ss. 231 and 232 in pt. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 40. a. 24 in pt., c. 66. s. 22 in pt. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 32. s. 4 in pt. 24 & 25 Vict. c. 96. in pt., c. 97. in pt., c. 99. s. 32 in pt., c. 110. s.llinpt. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 61. s. 47 inpt., c. 114. ss. 5 and 6 in pt. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 65. s. 48 in pt., c. 103. in pt. -28 & 29 Vict. c. 121. s. 66 in pt. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. s. 58 in pt. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 112. s. 6inpt. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 31. s. 20 in pt., c. 105. s. 15 in pt., c. 112. s. 17inpt. 35 & 36 Vict. c. 38. s. 11 in pt. Ordnance Survey. Copyright of Designs. Parish Constables. Pound-breach and Rescue. Frauds and Abuses in "Woollen, &c. Manufactures. Regulating Theatres. Poor Law Amendment. Slaughtering Horses. Bastardy, Law of. Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. Masters and Workmen (Hosiery). Care and Treatment of Lunatics. Games and Wagers. Small Debts, for the more easy Recovery of. Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847. Drainage of Land (England and Wales). Naval Prisons. Desertion from the Navy. Justice, Administration of. Costs of distraining for Rates. Procedure in Courts of General and Quarter Sessions. Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Assessment and Collection of County Rates. Metropolitan Stage and Hackney Carriages. Naval Coast Volunteers. Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853. Suppression of Betting Houses. Smoke Nuisance Abatement, Metropolis. Suppression of Gaming Houses. Merchant Shipping Act, 1854. Passengers Act, 1855. Metropolis Management Act, 1855. Seamen Reserve Volunteer Force. Gas, Sale of. Ecclesiastical Courts Jurisdiction. Larceny Act, 1861. Malicious Injuries to Property. Coinage Offences. Old Metal Dealers Act, 1861. Highways (England). Prevention of Poaching. Volunteer Act, 1863. Misappropriation by Servants. Salmon Fishery Act, 1865. Sea Fisheries Act. 1868. Adulteration of Seeds Act, 1869. Trade Union Act, 1871. Petroleum Act, 1871. Prevention of Crime Act, 1871. Infant Life Protection Act, 1872.

298 Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48 Vict.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 50. s. 6 in pt., c. 76. ss. 61 and 63 in pt., c. 77. ss. 32 and 34 in pt., c. 93. s. 52 in pt., and s. 54., c. 94. in pt. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 77. in pt., c. 86. s. 24 in pt. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 67. s. 6 in pt. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 17. s. 93 in pt., c. 55. s. 252, and s. 269 in pt., c. 60. s. 33 in pt., c. 63. s. 23 in pt., c. 86. s. 12 in pt. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 45. s. 19 in pt., c. 77. s. 16 in pt. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 16. ss. 90 and 91 in pt., c. 49. ss. 57 and 60 in pt., c. 74. ss. 64 and 66 in pt., c. 77.s.37inpt. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. ss. 31 and 32 in pt. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. s. 227 in pt. Railway Rolling Stock Protection Act, 1872. Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1872. Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872. Pawnbrokers Act, 1872. Licensing Act, 1872. Naval Artillery Volunteer Act, 1873. Elementary Education Act, 1873. Slaughter-houses, &c. (Metropolis) Act, 1874. Explosives Act, 1875. Public Health Act, 1875. Friendly Societies Act, 1875. Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875. Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act, 1875. Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1876. Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876. Factory and Workshop Act, 1878. Weights and Measures Act, 1878. Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878. Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

[Index Removed.]

