THE

LAW REPORTS.

The Public General Statutes

PASSED IN THE SIXTH AND SEVENTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE FIFTH.

1916.

VOL. LIV.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE, Limited,

FOR

FREDERICK ATTERBURY, Esq.; C.B.,

KING’S PRINTER OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published by the Council of Law Reporting

10, OLD SQUARE, LINCOLN’S INN, W.C. 2.

1916.

CONTENTS.

Table Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session arranged according to Chapter - 251

IIa. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session Arranged Alphabetically - 260

III. Table showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation on Public General Acts - 263

IV. Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 268

V. Index to the Public General Acts - 274

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Sixth Session of the Thirtieth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

6 & 7 GEORGE 5. A.D. 1916.

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and one thousand nine hundred and seventeen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

2. An Act to amend the Law as to the Jurisdiction of Prize Courts in the case of proceedings against persons in His Majesty's Naval service or in the employment of the Admiralty, and as to the transfer of Proceedings in Prize. (Naval Prize (Procedure).)

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and one thousand nine hundred and seventeen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).)

4. An Act to provide for the payment of a grant in aid of the funds at the disposal of the Statutory Committee constituted under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, and for payments by local authorities in aid of the expenses of local and district committees under that Act. (Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Expenses).)

5. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).)

6. An Act to facilitate the Insurance against War Risks of Property subject to Trusts. (War Risks (Insurance by Trustees).)

7. An Act to amend the Law relating to the registration of irregular marriages in Scotland, and to amend during the continuance of the present War the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878, so far as applying to persons serving in the Naval and Military forces of the Crown. (Marriage (Scotland).)

8. An Act to provide for transferring the Management of the Imperial Institute from the Board of Trade to the Colonial Office, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Imperial Institute (Management).)

9. An Act to validate certain King's Regulations made under the Pacific Order in Council, 1893. (Pacific Islands Regulations (Validation).)

10. An Act to amend the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Act, 1914. (Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland).)

11. An Act to impose Duties in respect of admission to Entertainments, Matches, Table Waters and other Beverages, and Cider; and for purposes connected therewith. (Finance (New Duties).)

12. An Act to make provision with respect to Officers and Servants of Local Authorities serving in or with His Majesty's Forces and to make various administrative provisions with a view to economy in money and labour in connection with the present War. (Local Government (Emergency Provisions).)

13. An Act to amend the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914, in relation to officers and men of His Majesty's Forces. (Courts (Emergency Powers) (Amendment).)

14. An Act to provide for the Time in Great Britain and Ireland being in advance of Greenwich and Dublin mean time respectively in the summer months. (Summer Time.)

15. An Act to make further provision with respect to Military Service during the present War. (Military Service (Session 2).)

16. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March One thousand nine hundred and seventeen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 3).)

17. An Act to amend the Naval Discipline Act with respect to the powers and duties of the Commander-in-Chief of the Grand Fleet during the present War. (Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers).)

18. An Act to give to courts in connection with the present war further powers of granting relief. (Courts (Emergency Powers) (No. 2).)

19. An Act to amend the British North America Act, 1867. (British North America.)

20. An Act to extend the provisions of the National Insurance Act, 1911, relating to unemployment insurance to certain trades and employments in connection with the present war. (National Insurance (Part II.) (Munition Workers).)

21. An Act to amend the Marriage of British Subjects (Facilities) Act, 1915. (Marriage of British Subjects (Facilities) Amendment.)

22. An Act to make temporary provision rendering unnecessary the re-election of Members of the House of Commons on acceptance of certain Offices. (Re-election of Ministers.)

23. An Act to extend further the term of service of the Royal Marine Force during the present War. (Royal Marines.)

24. An Act io grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connexion with Finance. (Finance.)

25. An Act to authorise as respects gas undertakings the substitution of a standard of calorific power for a standard of illuminating power. (Gas (Standard of Calorific Power).)

26. An Act to put temporary restrictions on the Output of Beer. (Output of Beer (Restriction).)

27. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

28. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.)

29. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

30. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 4).)

31. An Act to amend the Enactments relating to the Police and certain other Enactments with the administration of which the Secretary of State for the Home Department is concerned. (Police, Factories, dee. (Miscellaneous Provisions).)

32. An Act to make provision with respect to Copyright in works first published or made in an enemy country during the present War. (Trading with the Enemy (Copyright).)

33. An Act to amend subsection five of section seventy of the Army Act. (Army (Courts of Inquiry).)

34. An Act to constitute Special Commissions to inquire into the origin, inception, and conduct of Operations of War in the Dardanelles and Gallipoli, and into the origin, inception, and conduct of Operations of War in Mesopotamia. (Special Commissions (Dardanelles and Mesopotamia).)

35. An Act to alter the Limitation on the Ages of Children in respect of whom a Fee Grant is payable. (Elementary Education (Fee Grant).)

36. An Act to amend section fifty-eight of the Finance-Act, 1916, with respect to the issue of certain Exchequer Bonds. (Finance (Exchequer Bonds) Amendment.)

37. An Act to amend certain enactments relating to the government of India, and to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Orders in Council made for India. (Government of India (Amendment).)

38. An Act to provide for the acquisition and management of land by the State for experimental Small Holding Colonies, and to extend the powers of acquisition and management of land by certain Government Departments under the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Small Holding Colonies.)

39. An Act to amend the Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Treaty Act, 1914. (Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Treaty.)

40. An Act to amend the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1915, with respect to the construction and maintenance of telegraphic lines. (Telegraph (Construction).)

41. An Act to authorise the recovery of salvage in respect of services rendered by certain ships belonging to His Majesty. (Merchant Shipping (Salvage).)

42. An Act to amend and extend the British Ships (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1915. (British Ships (Transfer Restriction).)

43. An Act to provide for the Registration of Charities for purposes connected with the present War. (War Charities.)

44. An Act to amend the Parliament and Registration Act, 1916; and to extend the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, with respect to elections of local authorities and other bodies, and the revision of jurors' lists in Ireland. (Parliament and Local Elections.)

45. An Act to assimilate the Time adopted for use in Ireland to that adopted for use in Great Britain. (Time (Ireland).)

46. An Act to amend the Law and the Procedure of Civil Courts in Ireland, in relation to conditions arising out of the recent disturbances in that country. (Law and Procedure (Emergency Provisions) (Ireland).)

47. An Act to facilitate the Investment of Savings in Securities issued for the purposes of the present War by means of the establishment of Municipal Savings Banks. (Municipal Savings Banks (War Loan Investment).)

48. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and fifteen and one thousand nine hundred and seventeen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 5).)

49. An Act to amend the Form of Warrant of Execution on Extracts of Decrees of the Court of Session, and to provide for the means of making and the authentication of such Extracts. (Court of Session (Extracts).)

50. An Act to consolidate and simplify the Law relating to Larceny triable on Indictment and Kindred Offences. (Larceny.)

51. An Act to prohibit the use of the word Anzac in connection with any trade, business, calling, or profession. ("Anzac" (Restriction on Trade Use of Word).)

52. An Act to amend the law relating to Trading with the Enemy and the export of prohibited goods. (Trading with the Enemy and Export of Prohibited Goods.)

53. An Act to provide for the exception from Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, of persons who are temporarily employed in Agriculture in connection with the present War. (National Insurance (Temporary Employment in Agriculture).)

54. An Act to amend the Law relating to Friendly Societies for purposes connected with the present War. (Friendly Societies.)

55. An Act to make provision with respect to the calculation of the amounts payable and transferable in respect of pauper lunatics under section twenty-four of the Local Government Act, 1888. (Local Government Emergency Provisions (No. 2).)

56. An Act to make temporary provision for rendering unnecessary the Re-election of Members of the House of Commons on Acceptance of Office. (Re-election of Ministers (No. 2).)

57. An Act to amend the Output of Beer (Restriction) Act, 1910. (Output of Beer (Restriction) Amendment.)

58. An Act to provide for the Registration of Firms and Persons carrying on Business under Business Names and for purposes connected therewith. (Registration of Business Names.)

59. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Pay and Pensions of the Royal Irish Constabulary and Dublin Metropolitan Police and for other purposes relating thereto. (Constabulary and Police (Ireland).)

60. An Act to authorise the acceptance and administration by certain Government Departments and Local Authorities of Gifts for the settlement or employment on land of men who have served in His Majesty's Forces. (Sailors and Soldiers (Gifts for Land Settlement).)

61. An Act to obtain contributions from persons in the event of their liability for damage or loss from Explosions of, or other accidents in connection with, Munitions being assumed by His Majesty's Government. (Munitions (Liability for Explosions).)

62. An Act to give effect to agreements on the part of Members of Volunteer Corps to attend Drills or undergo training or perform military duty. (Volunteer.)

63. An Act to make provision with respect to the possession and acquisition of land occupied or used for the Defence of the Realm in connection with the present War and for other purposes connected therewith. (Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land).)

64. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Prevention of Corruption. (Prevention of Corruption.)

65. An Act for establishing a Ministry of Pensions and for purposes connected therewith. (Ministry of Pensions.)

66. An Act to amend the Law as to the erection of buildings and the making and improvement of streets in connection with the reconstruction of areas, streets, and buildings recently damaged or destroyed in Dublin, and for other purposes incidental thereto. (Dublin Reconstruction (Emergency Provisions).)

67. An Act to make further provision for raising Money for the present War, and for purposes incidental thereto. (War Loan.)

68. An Act for establishing certain new Ministries and for the appointment of additional Secretaries or Under Secretaries in certain Government Departments; and for purposes incidental thereto. (New Ministries and Secretaries.)

69. An Act to make further provision with respect to the borrowing powers of councils of counties and of municipal boroughs, and of other public authorities and bodies. (Public Authorities and Bodies (Loans).)

70. An Act to make provision with respect to Obligations incurred by or on behalf of His Majesty's Government for the purposes of the present War or in connection therewith. (Government War Obligations.)

71. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

[6 Geo. 5.]

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.

[2nd March 1916.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Issue of 120,000,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1916.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen, the sum of one hundred and twenty million pounds.

---

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of issue of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the Consolidated service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one tor the thousand nine hundred and seventeen, the sum of three hundred ^ding6

million pounds. 31st March

1917.

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for the

issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to

and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the

credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole four hundred and twenty million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal 40 & 41 Vict, of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills. c. 2.

A

2

Ch. 1, 2. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1916.

6 Geo. 5.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent per annum, Qyt of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any. period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in yyfiicK the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed

to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form

part. df-*- the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any

marfrier'in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

_ '£. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1)

1916.

Proceedings in Prize Courts against naval officers, &c.

27 & 28 Vict,

c. 25.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 61.

Extension of powers to transfer proceedings in Prize Courts.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 57.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Jurisdiction of Prize Courts in the case of proceedings against persons in His Majesty's Naval Service or in the employment of the Admiralty, and as to the transfer of Proceedings in Prize.

[2nd March 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. So much of section fifty-one of the Naval Prize Act, 1864, as provides that actions and proceedings against any person in His Majesty's Naval service or in the employment of the Admiralty shall not be brought or instituted elsewhere than in the United Kingdom shall, so far as not already repealed by the Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893, be repealed, and such repeal shall take effect as from the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and fourteen. 2

2. Section one of the Prize Courts Act, 1915 (which relates to the transfer of proceedings against a ship or cargo from one prize court to another), shall be extended so as to apply, with the necessary modifications, to all proceedings pending at any time in a prize court, whether or not the proceedings are against any ship or cargo:

Provided that where the proceedings are against a person in the service of His Majesty, or of the Government of any part of His Majesty's Dominions, or of any Government department, the court shall (except in the case of proceedings in the High Court of Justice in England) on the application of the proper officer of the Crown, make an order transferring the proceedings to another prize court, and the said section one, as amended by this section, shall have effect accordingly.

1916. Naval Prize (Procedure) Act, 1916. Ch. 2, 3. 3

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Naval Prize (Procedure) Act, 1916, and the Naval Prize Acts, 1864 to 1915, and this Act may be cited together as the Naval Prize Acts, 1864 to

1910.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.

[30th March 1916.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen, the sum of one hundred and ninety-eight thousand and thirty-nine pounds.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, the sum of thirty-six million six hundred and thirty-six thousand pounds. 3

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole thirty-six million eight hundred and thirty-four thousand and thirty-nine pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

Issue of 198, 0391. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March

1916.

Issue of 36, 636,000l. oat of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March

1917.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.

[Short title.]

Grant of 1,000,000l. to Statutory Committee. Geo. 6.

c. 83.

Power to make payments out of rates in aid of expenses of local and district committees.

Ch. 3, 4. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1916. 6 Geo. 5.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to provide for the payment of a grant in aid of the funds at the disposal of the Statutory Committee constituted under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, and for payments by local authorities in aid of the expenses of local and district committees under that Act.

[30th March 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Towards meeting the expenses of the Statutory Committee constituted under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), there shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof in the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen the sum of one million pounds.

(2) The said sum of one million pounds shall form part of the funds at the disposal of the Statutory Committee, and, so far as not immediately required, may be invested by the committee in such manner as the Treasury direct.

2. — (1) The council of any county or borough or urban district, for whose area a local committee has been established under the principal Act, may make such payments as they think fit towards the administrative expenses of any such local committee and of any district committee appointed under that Act in their area.

(2) The council of any borough (including any metropolitan borough and the City of London) or urban or rural district which is, in pursuance of any scheme made under section two of the principal Act, a separate district or is wholly or partly

Ch. 4, 5.

1916. Naval and Military War , dee.

(Expenses), 1916.

included in a separate district, for which a separate district committee is appointed, may make such payments as they think fit towards the administrative expenses of the district committee.

(3) Any payments authorised by this section may be made out of any fund or rate out of which the expenses of the council making the payments are payable, and may be made subject to such conditions (if any) as to the application of those payments as the council making the payments think fit to impose.

i)

3. This Act may be cited as the Naval and Military War short title Pensions, &c. (Expenses) Act, 1916, and shall be construed as one with the principal Act; and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Acts, 1915 and 1916.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[19th April 1916.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of four million including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within His Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they win not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty's forces by sea:

44 & 45 Vict,

c. 58.

-Short title.

Army Act to be in force for --specified times.

Prices in respect of billeting.

Ch. 5. Army (Annual) Act, 1916. 6 Geo. 5.

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and sixteen on the following days: —

(a) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of July:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1916.

2. — (1) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament (that is to say): —

(a) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and

the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and sixteen to the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, both inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty’s

dominions, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and sixteen to the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, both inclusive.

(2) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned. 3

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the Schedule to this Act.

1916.

Ch. 5.

7

Army (Annual), 1916.

Amendments of the Army Act.

4. In paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section one hundred Amendment of and sixty-three of the Army Act which relates to evidence, the ^/iVf27V words " or the Governor of any presidency in India shall be of Army Act.’ omitted, and in paragraph (27) of section one hundred and ninety of the Army Act the words "as jespects any presidency 41 in India, means the Governor in Council of the presidency 4‘ and " shall be omitted.

SCHEDULE.

Section 3.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where meals furnished. Sixpence per night.

Breakfast as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act., Fivepence each.

Dinner as so specified Oueshilling and one penny each.

Supper as so specified - - 1 | Threepence each.

Where no meals furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Sixpence per day.

8table room and ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each norse. Two shillings per day.

Stable room without forage - - Sixpence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer ... 1 1 Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

8 Ch. 6, 7. War Risks (Insurance by Trustees) 6 Geo. 5,

1916.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to facilitate the Insurance against War Risks of Property subject to Trusts.

[19th April 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice ^id consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Power of 1. The power of a trustee to insure against loss or damage

i^urTpro- by fire under section eighteen of the Trustee Act, 1893, shall, perty against during the continuance of the present war, include, and shall be -^ict deemed as from the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and c. 53. fourteen to have included, a power to insure against war risks

up to the full value of the building or property insured; and that section shall apply with the necessary modification of the limit on the amount to be insured.

In this Act the expression "war risks" means loss or damage attributable to hostile aircraft or to bombardment or to any operations of war or defence, whether executed by or against the enemy.

[Short title.]

2. This Act maybe cited as the War Risks (Insurance by

Trustees) Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the registration of irregular marriages in Scotland, and to amend during the continuance of the present War the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878, so far as applying to persons serving in the Naval and Military forces of the Crown.

[19th April 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Application for 1. — (1) The parties to a joint application for warrant to

register an irregular marriage under the Marriage (Scotland) g^lurmarriage Act, 1856 (in this Act called a " joint application "), shall, before tobeaccom- presenting the same to the sheriff, procure from the registrar of scheduled the parish or district in which such irregular marriage was

Particulars. contracted a Schedule of Particulars in the form as nearly as

19 & 20 Vict, may be of the Schedule to this Act, and the said registrar shall c* 96‘ be bound upon the production of the joint application to furnish

the said Schedule of Particulars and to fill up the same according to the information supplied by such parties to the best of their knowledge and belief.

1916.

Marriage (Scotland), 1916. Ch. 7.

9

(2) It shall not be lawful for the sheriff to grant warrant to register any irregular marriage unless there is produced with the joint application the said Schedule of Particulars filled up as aforesaid and signed by the parties to the joint application.

(3) The sheriff clerk shall, within three days from the granting of any such warrant, transmit the joint application and warrant with the relative Schedule of Particulars to the registrar of the parish or district in which the irregular marriage was contracted, and such registrar shall forthwith enter such marriage in the Register of Marriages kept by him as provided in section two of the Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1856.

2. Every person who shall knowingly and wilfully furnish Penalty tor or supply or cause to be furnished or supplied any false state-

ment or information to any registrar for the purpose of having giving false the same entered in the Schedule of Particulars referred to in information, the preceding section, or who shall sign the said Schedule knowing any of the statements Jherein contained to be false, shall be guilty of an offence under this Act and shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a period not exceeding two years or on summary conviction to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three months.

3. After the commencement of this Act it shall not be lawful Convictions

to convict any person of having contracted a clandestine or ^Lria^to^ irregular marriage. cease.

4. Where, during the continuance of the present war, one of Amendment

the parties to an intended marriage in Scotland is serving in Carriage*10* any of the naval or military forces of the Crown, it shall be Notice.(Scot-competent for such parties to give notice of such intended

marriage to the registrar of the parish or district in Scotland iDg t^pere'ona" in which the female party shall have resided for a period of serving in the not less than fifteen clear days immediately previous to the forces

giving of such notice in the form as nearly as may be of of the Crown. Schedule A. annexed to the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, & 42 Vict. 1878, in like manner as if both parties had resided for the said c*43, period in such parish or district, and the provisions of the said

Act shall apply to such notice as if it were a notice given in terms of section seven thereof, and as if in sections eight and nine thereof the words "one day " and "one clear day" were substituted for the words "seven consecutive days " and " seven clear days" respectively therein occurring.

5. This Act may be cited as the Marriage (Scotland)’Act citation and

1916, and shall apply to Scotland only., extent.

10

Ch. 7.

Marriage (Scotland) 1916.

6 Geo. 5.

Section 1 (1).

SCHEDULE.

IRREGULAR MARRIAGE — SCOTLAND.

Particulars required tor the Registration- of an Irregular Marriage.

Question. Answer.

(1) When was the marriage contracted ? On the day of 191

Where was the marriage contracted ? (In the case of towns state street and No.) At

Husband. Wife.

(2) What are the full Christian names and surnames of the parties to the marriage ! 1

State rank, profession, trade, or occupat ion. j,

State whether bachelor or widower, or spinster or widow, as the case may be.

Are the parties to the marriage related in any way to each other? If so state relationship.

(3) What is the age (last birthday) of each party ?

(4) What is the usual residence ? '

(5) State the name and surname, and rank, profession, trade, or occupation <of father.

Is the father alive ?

State the name and maiden surname of mother.

Is the mother alive /

(6) What arc the full Christian names and surnames, designations, and addresses (usual residence) of the witnesses ? j

The above is a true statement.

(Signature of husband) (Signature of wife) Signed in my presence.

Registrar__________

District__________

(Date)____ 191____.

1916. Imperial Institute (Management) Ch. 8. 11

Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to provide for transferring the Management of the Imperial Institute from the Board of Trade to the Colonial Office, and for other purposes connected therewith. [l‘Jth April 1916.]

WHEREAS by the Imperial Institute (Transfer) Act, 1902 2 Edw-.7- (herein-after referred to as the "principal Act "), the C*CXXXIX-Imperial Institute was placed under the management of the Board of Trade, and it is expedient to transfer the management thereof to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, and to make such other provisions in connection therewith as are contained in this Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) All property, real or personal, and all rights or Transfer from obligations, and all debts or liabilities, which were transferred to the Board of Trade under the principal Act or which have office of become the property, rights, obligations, debts or liabilities of the Board of Trade in pursuance of that Act, shall become the institute!* property, rights, obligations, debts, or liabilities of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, and the Secretary of State for the Colonies for the time being shall have any powers necessary to enable him to hold any such property.

(2) Sections three and seven of the principal Act (which relate to the application of property and to powers of management) shall have effect as if the Secretary of State for the Colonies were substituted for the Board of Trade, and as if property transferred to the Secretary of State for the Colonies under this Act were substituted for property transferred to the Board of Trade under that Act.

(3) The Secretary of State for the Colonies shall be substituted for the Board of Trade in sections, four and five and in subsection (3) of section nine of the principal Act (which relate to the Imperial Institute Building and the Endowment Fund, and to the Imperial Institute Trustees).

(4) The Advisory Committee appointed under section eight of the principal Act shall be abolished, and there shall be established for the purpose of carrying on the management of the Imperial Institute under the Secretary of State for the Colonies an Executive Council constituted in accordance with the provisions of the Schedule to this Act.

Subsections (1) and (2) of section eight of, and the Third Schedule to, the principal Act are hereby repealed, and the Executive Council shall be substituted for the Advisory Committee in section five, in subsection (3) of section eight, and in subsection (3) of section nine of the principal Act.

12

Ch. 8, 9.

Imperial Institute ()

Act, 1916.

6 Geo. 5.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Imperial Institute (Management) Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE.

1. The Executive Council shall consist of twenty-five members,

appointed as follows:—

By the Board of Trade ---- Two.

By the Secretary of State for India - Two.

By the President of the Board of Agriculture and

Fisheries ---- - One.

By the Government of India ---- One.

By the Government of the Dominion of Canada - One.

By the Government of the Commonwealth of

Australia ---- - One.

By the Government of the Union of South Africa - . One.

By the Government of the Dominion of New

Zealand - -- -- -- - One.

By the Government of Newfoundland - One.

•By the Secretary of State for the Colonies - - Fourteen.

2. The term of office of a member of the Executive Council shall be three years.

3. The members of the Executive Council shall retire on the expiration of their term of office, and their offices shall be filled by fresh appointments in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Schedule.

4. A casual vacancy occurring in the office of any member of the Executive Council by death, resignation, or otherwise, shall be filled by appointment in manner directed by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule as respects the member whose office is vacant; but the member so appointed shall hold office only so long as the member whose office is vacant fvould have held office.

5. A retiring member may be re-appointed.

6. The Executive Council may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their number.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to validate certain King’s Regulations made under the Pacific Order in Council, 1893.

[19th April 1916.]

WHEREAS His Britannic Majesty's High Commissioner for the Western Pacific (in this Act referred to as the High Commissioner) is given power under Article 108 of the Pacific Order in Council, 1893, to make, alter and revoke King’s Regulations for certain purposes in relation to places to which that Order applies or within the limits of that Order, and doubts have

1916.

13

Pacific Islands Regulations () Ch. 9, 10.

Act, 1916.

arisen whether, having regard to the provisions of section three of the British Settlements Act, 1887, power could properly be given by that Order to the High Commissioner to make King’s Regulations for places which were British Settlements within the meaning of that Act, and it is expedient to validate, as respects any such British Settlements, any such King’s Regulations made before the passing of this Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The power given to the High Commissioner to make, alter Validation of

and revoke King’s Regulations under Article 108 of the Pacific 8

Order in Council, 1893, shall, so far as respects regulations made uiSer the . before the passing of this Act, be deemed to have included a j>^fiCjj0rder. power to make, alter and revoke King’s Regulations for British reap^ts British Settlements, notwithstanding anything in the British Settlements Settlements. Act, 1887; and any King’s Regulations made under that 50 *51 Vict-power before the passing of this Act shall have effect in British c' Settlements accordingly.

2. This Act may be cited as the Pacific Islands Regulations short title. (Validation) Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to amend the Education (Provision of Meals)

(Ireland) Act, 1914.

[19th April 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The total amount expended by a local authority for the Alteration of purposes of section three of the Education (Provision of Meals) (j^iture^ (Ireland) Act, 1914, in any local financial year shall not' exceed 4 & 5 Gea 6 the amount which would be produced by a rate of one penny c. 35. in the pound over the area of the authority, and that section shall accordingly be amended by the substitution of the words "one penny" for the words "one halfpenny, " and shall be deemed to have had effect as so amended from the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and fifteen.

2. Section nine of the Education (Provision of Meals) 8-9-

(Ireland) Act, 1914 (which limits the duration of that Act), is 35 ° hereby repealed.

14

Ch. 10, 11. Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) 6 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

Short title and citation.

Duty on payments for admission to entertainments.

3. This Act may be cited as the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Act, 1916, and the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Act, 1914, and this Act may be cited together as the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Acts. 1914 and 1916.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to impose Duties in respect of admission to Entertainments, Matches, Table Waters and other Beverages, and Cider; and for purposes connected therewith.

[19th April 1916.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) There shall, as from the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, levied and paid on all payments for admission to any entertainment as defined by this Act an Excise duty (in this Act referred to as " entertainments duty ") at the following rate (namely): —

Where the payment, excluding the amount of the duty, —

does not exceed 2d. - A halfpenny;

exceeds 2d. and does not exceed 6d. - One penny;

, <od., , 28. 6d. - Twopence;

, 2 s.6d., , 5 - Threepence;

, os., , 7 6d. - Sixpence;

, 7 8.6 d., , 12s. 6 - One shilling;

, 12s. 6d., one shilling for the first 12s. 6d. and one

shilling for every 10s. or part of 10s. over 12s. 6d.

(2) No person shall be admitted for payment to any entertainment where the payment is subject to entertainments duty except —

(a) with a ticket stamped with a stamp (not before used) denoting that the proper entertainments duty has been paid; or

1916.

Finance (New Duties), 1916. Ch. 11.

(b) in special cases with the approval of the Commissioners, through a barrier which, or by means of a mechanical contrivance which, automatically registers the number of persons admitted, unless the proprietor of the entertainment has made arrangements approved by the Commissioners for furnishing returns of the payments for admission to the entertainment and has given security up to an amount and in a manner approved by the Commissioners for the payment of duty.

If any person is admitted for payment to any place of entertainment and the provisions of this section are not complied with, the person admitted and the proprietor of the entertainment to which he is admitted shall be liable in respect of each offence to an excise penalty, in the case of the person admitted of five pounds, and in the case of the proprietor of fifty pounds, and the proprietor shall in addition be liable to pay any duty which should have been paid.

(3) Entertainments duty shall be charged in respect of each person admitted for payment, and, in the case of admission by stamped ticket, shall be paid by means of the stamp on the ticket, and, in the case of admission otherwise than by stamped ticket, shall be calculated and paid on the number of admissions.

Entertainments duty, in the case of admission otherwise than by stamped ticket, shall be recoverable from the proprietor, and may, if the amount of duty is less than fifty pounds, without prejudice to any other means of recovery, be recovered by the Commissioners summarily as a civil debt.

(4) Where the payment for admission to an entertainment is made by means of a lump sum paid as a subscription or contribution to any club, association, or society, or for a season ticket or for the right of admission to a series of entertainments or to any entertainment during a certain period of time, the entertainments duty shall be paid on the amount of the lump sum, but where the Commissioners are of opinion that the payment of a lump sum or any payment for a ticket represents payment for other privileges, rights or purposes besides the admission to an entertainment, or covers admission to an entertainment during any period for which the duty has not been in operation, the duty shall be charged on such an amount as appears to the Commissioners to represent the right of admission to entertainments in respect of which entertainments duty is payable.

(5) Entertainments duty shall not be charged on payments for admission to any entertainment where the Commissioners are satisfied —

(a) that the whole of the takings thereof are devoted to philanthropic or charitable purposes without any charge on the takings for any expenses of the entertainment; or

16

Ch. 11.

Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916.

6 Geo. 5.

Supplemental provinions as to entertainments duty.

(b) that the entertainment is of a wholly educational

character (any question on that point to be determined in case of difference by the Board of Education); or

(c) that the entertainment is intended only for the amuse-

ment of children, and that the charge is not more than one penny for each person; or

(d) that the entertainment is provided for partly educational

or partly scientific purposes by a society, institution, 4 or committee not conducted or established for profit,

or is provided by any such society or institution, which has been founded with the object of reviving national pastimes, in furtherance of that object.

Where the Commissioners are satisfied that the whole of the net proceeds of an entertainment are devoted to philanthropic or charitable purposes, and that the whole of the expenses of the entertainment do not exceed twenty per cent, of the receipts, they shall repay to the proprietor the amount of the entertainments duty paid in respect of the entertainment.

In this subsection the Scotch Education Department, as respects entertainments in Scotland, and the Lord Lieutenant, as respects entertainments in Ireland, shall be substituted for the Board of Education.

(6) For the purpose of the provisions of this Act relating to entertainments duty —

The expression "entertainment " includes any exhibition, performance, amusement, game or sport to which persons are admitted for payment; and the expression "admission to an entertainment " includes admission to any place in which the entertainment is held;

The expression "admission ’’ means admission as a spectator or one of an audience, and the expression "payment on admission " includes any payment made by a person who, having been admitted to one part of a place of entertainment, is subsequently admitted to another part thereof for admission to which a payment involving duty or more duty is required;

The expression "proprietor" in relation to any entertainment includes any person responsible for the management thereof.

2. — (1) The Commissioners may make regulations for securing the payment of entertainments duty and generally for carrying the provisions of this Act as to entertainments duty into effect, and in particular —

(a) for the supply and use of stamps or stamped tickets, or for the stamping of tickets sent to be stamped; and for securing the defacement of stamps when used; and

1916.

Ch. 11.

17

Finance (New Duties), 1916.

(6) for the use of tickets covering the admission of more than one person and the calculation of the duty thereon; and for the payment of duty on the transfer from one part of a place of entertainment to another; and

(c) for controlling the use of barriers or mechanical contrivances (including the prevention of the use of the same barrier or mechanical contrivance for payments of a different amount), and for securing proper records of admission by means of barriers or mechanical contrivances.

If any person acts in contravention of or fails to comply with any such regulations he shall be liable in respect of each offence to an Excise penalty of fifty pounds.

(2) Any officer of the Commissioners authorised by them for the purpose may enter any place of entertainment while the entertainment is proceeding, and any place ordinarily used as a place of entertainment at any reasonable times, with a view to seeing whether the provisions of this Act or any regulations made thereunder as to entertainments duty are being complied with.

If any person prevents or obstructs the entry of any officer so authorised he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) The provisions (including the penal provisions) of the Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891, as amended by any subsequent Act, and section sixty-five of the Post Office Act, 1908, shall apply to the stamps used for denoting entertainments duty.

(4) The Commissioners may, if they think fit, by agreement in writing with any local authority, or police authority, arrange for the exercise by that authority, either concurrently with the Commissioners or to the exclusion of the Commissioners of any powers of the Commissioners with respect to entertainments and entertainments duty; and, so far as required for the purpose of giving effect to any such arrangement, the provisions of this Act and any regulations made thereunder with respect to entertainments and entertainments duty shall have effect as if the local authority or police authority and any officer authorised by that authority were mentioned therein in addition to, or substituted for, the Commissioners and an officer of the Commissioners.

Any arrangement under this provision may provide for the payment out of moneys provided by Parliament of any expenses incurred by the local authority or police authority in carrying out the arrangement.

The expression "local authority" means, for the purposes of this provision as respects the Administrative County of London, the London County Council (except that in the City of London the Common Council shall be the local authority for all purposes except cinematograph or theatrical entertainments); as respects

B

64 & 65 Vict. c. 38.

8 Edw. 7. c. 48.

18

Ch. n.

Finance (New Dut) Act, 1916.

6 Geo. 5.

Duties on matches.

any borough, the council of the borough; as respects any urban district with a population of over ten thousand, the district council; and as respects any administrative county (excluding the area of any such borough or urban district), the county council:

Provided that where the council of any such borough (not being a county borough) or of any such urban district agree in writing with die council of the administrative county that the borough or urban district should be included in the area of the administrative county for the purposes of this provision, the borough or urban district shall be so included.

* In the application of this provision to Scotland the expression "borough" means a Royal, Parliamentary, or Police Burgh; the expression "administrative county" means a county; and references to county boroughs and urban districts shall not apply.

3. — (1) There shall, as from the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, levied and paid on matches imported into Great Britain or Ireland a duty of Customs at the rate of three shillings and sixpence for every ten thousand matches so imported.

(2) There shall as from the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, levied and paid on matches made in Great Britain or Ireland an Excise duty at the rate of three shillings and fourpence for every ten thousand matches so made, and so in proportion for any less quantity, and on a licence to be taken out annually by a manufacturer of matches an Excise duty of one pound:

Provided that matches which are proved to the Commissioners to have been made before the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, shall not be liable to the Excise duty under this provision.

(3) Where the Commissioners are satisfied that a box of matches contains more than eighty matches, the Customs and Excise duty to be charged on any matches so contained exceeding eighty shall be at the rate of one shilling and ninepence and one shilling and eightpence respectively for every ten thousand matches, instead of three shillings and sixpence and three shillings and fourpence.

(4) The Commissioners may make regulations prohibiting the manufacture of matches except by persons holding a licence and having made entry for the purpose, and for fixing the date of expiration of the licence, and also for regulating the manufacture of matches and the removal from the manufactory of matches with a view to securing and collecting the Excise duty imposed by this Act, and may by those regulations apply to the Excise duty on matches and to manufacturers of matches any enactments relating to any duty of Excise or Customs and to persons carrying on any trade subject to the laws of Excise, and may provide for giving the necessary drawbacks and allowances

1916.

Finance (New Duties), 1916. Ch. 11.

19

in respect of matches to be exported or used for ships’ stores and for securing, in the case of imported matches, a notification on each box of the contents or minimum or maximum contents of the box.

If any person acts in contravention of, or fails to comply with, any of those regulations, the article in respect of which the offence is committed shall be forfeited and the person committing the offence shall be liable in respect of each offence to an Excise penalty, or in the case of offences in connection with imported matches to a Customs penalty, of fifty pounds.

(4) For the purposes of the duties under this section, a match which has more than one point of ignition shall be reckoned as so many matches as there are points of ignition.

4. — (1) There shall as from the first day of May nineteen Duties on hundred and sixteen be charged, levied and paid upon all table uble water8' waters as defined by this section, which are sold or kept for sale in Great Britain or Ireland, the following duties of Excise (in this Act referred to as " table-water duties "); namely:—

On table waters which contain as the result of the ordinary process of manufacture, or are prepared in the ordinary process of manufacture with, sugar or other sweetening material, or which are fermented beverages, a duty at the rate of fourpence per gallon; and On other table waters, a duty at the rate of eightpence per gallon:

(2) " Table waters, " for the purposes of this Act, includes any aerated waters and any beverages sold or kept for sale in bottles, other than —

(a) Any liquor for the retail sale of which an Excise licence is required; and (b)Syrups or other liquors intended to be consumed only in

a diluted form.

5. There shall as from the first day of May nineteen Duty on hundred and sixteen be charged, levied and paid on all cider or Clder-perry which is sold or kept for sale in Great Britain or Ireland a duty of Excise (in this Act referred to as " cider duty ") at the rate of fourpence per gallon.

8. — (1) The Commissioners may make regulations for Supplemental securing the payment of table-water and cider duties, and ^bTe-water generally for carrying into effect the provisions of this Act as to and cider table-water and cider duties, and in particular for requiring and duties, verifying particulars of output, stocks, and sales, and for the registration or licensing of persons by whom, and premises at which, table waters or cider liable to duty are made or sold, and for the charge of a duty on the licence in the case of persons using a machine or mechanical contrivance for making aerated water of any description; and the Commissioners may by those regulations provide for any exemption required for the purpose

20

Ch. 11.

Finance (New Duties) 1916.

6 Geo. 5.

Regulations to be laid before Parliament.

Construction and abort title,

of facilitating the bottling and rebottling of any table waters or cider, or the sale of any table waters or cider to dealers or for farm consumption, or for the purpose of relieving from duty any table waters or cider intended for exportation or ships’ stores.

If any person acts in contravention of or fails to comply with any such regulation, the article in respect of which the offence is committed shall be forfeited, and the person committing the offence shall be liable in respect of each offence to an Excise penalty of fifty pounds.

(2) Any officer of the Commissioners authorised by them for the purpose may at any reasonable times enter any premises or place in which any table waters or cider liable to duty are made, prepared, sold, or kept for sale with a view to seeing whether the provisions of this Act as to table-water and cider duties, or any regulations made in pursuance of those provisions, are being complied with.

If any person prevents or obstructs the entry of any officer so appointed he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) The provisions of this Act as to table-water and cider duties shall be construed as if any reference to bottles included a reference to casks or other corked or closed receptacles, and shall apply to the supply of table waters and cider in a club or by a club to the members thereof as they apply to the sale of table waters and cider.

7. Any regulation made under this Act shall be laid before each House of Parliament forthwith, and, if an address is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-one days on which that House has sat next after any such regulation is laid before it praying that the regulation may be annulled, His Majesty in Council may annul the regulation, and it shall thenceforth" be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder.

8. — (1) This Act, so far as it relates to duties of Customs, shall be construed together with the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and any enactments amending that Act; and, so far as it relates to duties of Excise, shall be construed together with the Acts which relate to the duties of Excise and the management of those duties.

(2) In this Act the expression "Commissioners" means the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916.

1916. Local Government (EmCu. 12. 21

Provisions) Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to make provision with respect to Officers and Servants of Local Authorities serving in or with His Majesty's Forces and to make various administrative provisions with a view to economy in money and labour in connection with the present War.

[17th May 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Provisions as to Officers of Local Authorities in Naval or Military Sebvice.

1. — (1) Any local authority may grant leave of absence to Payment* to any officer or servant for as long a period as may be necessary kc-to enable him to serve in or with His Majesty's forces for the authorities purposes of the present war, and the local authority may — in naval or

(a) whilst he is so serving pay to him or to his wife or other wrriceT

dependants nominated by him a sum which shall not, without the sanction of the Local Government Board, exceed his civil remuneration after deducting therefrom the amount of his naval or military pay and allowances; and

(b) in the event of his death, for a period not exceeding

twenty-six weeks after the date on which he is notified to his widow or other dependants as dead or missing, pay to her or them sums calculated at the same rate as those previously paid to him, her or them:

Provided that —

(i) in fixing the sum to be paid to the widow or other dependant of a deceased officer or servant regard shall be had to any pension or other sum payable to the widow or other dependant out of any public or charitable fund; and (ii) it shall not be incumbent on the local authority to reduce any payment made to an officer or servant on the ground that during his service with the forces he has become or becomes entitled to increased naval or military pay in consequence of receiving a commission or promotion in rank.

(2) This section shall apply to the case of an officer or servant of a local authority who before the passing of this Act took service in or with His Majesty's forces with the sanction or permission of the local authority, and any resolution, promise, sanction or permission, passed or given by a local authority to

22

Payments under superannuation schemes.

Reckoning service for superannuation.

Ch. 12. Local Government (6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Provisions), 1916.

any such officer or servant with a view to his serving in or with His Majesty's forces, shall be binding on the local authority to the extent and only to the extent to which it could have been passed or given if the provisions of thi6 Act had been in force:

Provided that where before the passing of this Act a local authority has resolved, promised, sanctioned or agreed to make payments in excess of the amounts authorised by this section, any such excess payments up to the date of the passing of this Act, or such later date as may be determined by the Local Government Board, shall be deemed to have been lawfully made, and the Local Government Board shall sanction the continuance of such excess payments after such date as aforesaid in any case where it appears to them that the man joined His Majesty's forces in reliance on such resolution, promise, sanction or agreement, and that the amount of the excess is not unreasonable.

(3) On the application of a local authority the Local Government Board may determine any question as to what amount may be paid under this section.

(4) Where the scale of payments for its officers and servants serving in or with His Majesty's forces adopted by a local authority is in accordance with, or does not exceed the scale of, payments for the time being laid down for officers and servants of His Majesty's civil service so serving it shall not be necessary for any such local authority to obtain the sanction of the Local Government Board as required by this section, and any payments made in accordance with such scale shall be deemed to be and to have been lawfully made.

2. If an officer or servant of a local authority dies whilst serving in or with His Majesty's forces, or in consequence of wounds or disease received or contracted during such service which prevented him from returning to the service of the local authority, the local authority shall have, and shall be deemed always to have had, power to make to his widow or other dependants such payments as could have been made to them under any superannuation scheme (whether established by statute or otherwise) in force in the district had he been actually serving the local authority at the time of his death.

3. — (1) All service by an officer or servant of a local authority in or with His Majesty's forces for the purposes of the present war shall, for the purposes of any enactment providing for the superannuation of such officers and servants applicable to his case, be aggregated and reckoned with his service as an officer or servant of the local authority, and, unless an agreement to the contrary has been made before the passing of this Act, he shall contribute to the superannuation fund (if any) the same amounts (if any) as he would have contributed if he had continued in their actual service and had received the normal remuneration of that service.

1916.

Local Government (Emergency

Provisions), 1916. Ch. 12.

23

2) For the purposes of calculating the amount of such contributions and of superannuation allowances the amount of the salary or wages and emoluments during the period of service in or with His Majesty's forces shall be deemed to be the amount which the officer or servant would have received during that period if he had remained in the actual service of the local authority.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions of the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1898 to 1912, or of the Elementary School Teachers (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1914.

Part II.

Miscellaneous Administrative Provisions.

4. Where a person in receipt of a superannuation allowance under the Poor Law Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1896, is appointed, or employed as a temporary substitute for any officer or servant by any authority to whom that Act applies, the provisions of section six of that Act shall be construed so as not to deprive him of any such allowance whilst he continues to hold such temporary appointment or employment.

5. Notwithstanding anything in the Infectious Disease (Notification) Act, 1889, or in any other Act, or in any Order of the Local Government Board, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a) The fee to be paid to a medical practitioner for a

certificate or notification sent by him to a medical officer of health in respect of a case of disease to which the Act or Order applies, occurring in his private practice, shall be one shilling and no more;

(b) Every case of any such disease occurring in any building,

tent, van, shed, or similar structure in the occupation of any of His Majesty's forces, or of any person employed by or under the Admiralty, the Army Council, or the Minister of Munitions shall be notified to the medical officer of health of the district by the medical attendant if it would have been his duty to notify it if it had occurred elsewhere; and the local authority shall pay to the medical attendant (unless he is a medical officer who holds a commission in any of His Majesty's forces) for the certificate or notification a fee of one shilling, whether the case occurs in his private practice or otherwise.

«. The use of any institution, building, or other premises belonging to any local authority for the accommodation of sick or wounded sailors or soldiers, or for other purposes in connection with the present war, and any expenditure incurred in connection therewith, shall be deemed to be and always to have

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 66

Allowances to persons appointed as temporary substitutes. 59 & 60 Vict,

c. 50.

Provisions as to notification of diseases.

52 & 53 Vict.

c. 72.

Use of local authority’s premises and officers for military purposes.

24 Ch. 12. Local Government (6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1916.

been lawful, and the service or employment of any officers or servants of a local authority in or about any institution, building, or other premises so used or otherwise, with the consent of the local authority, in connection with the present war shall be deemed for all purposes to be and always to have been service or employment under that local authority:

Provided that, except in the case of —

(a) a shire, county, town, or district hall and offices connected therewith; and

(b) the temporary use of other premises in case of urgent

necessity;

this section shall not authorise the use after the passing of this Act for such purposes as aforesaid of any such institution,

• building, or premises unless the approval of the appropriate Government department has been obtained.

Expenses of 7. All expenses of the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum AsylumslUm District incurred after the thirty-first day of March nineteen Board. hundred and sixteen (including expenses in connection with the

reception and relief of metropolitan casual paupers, but not including expenses incurred in connection with agreements made 3 & 4 Geo. 5. under section thirty-nine of the National Insurance Act, 1913), c‘37' shall be defrayed as if they were expenses incurred for the

30 & 31 Vict, purposes of section thirty-one of the Metropolitan Poor Act, c‘ 6‘ 1867, and notwithstanding anything in that Act or any other

enactment none of the said expenses shall be repayable out of the Metropolitan Common Poor Fund.

' wnure^a'abf ^he amount repayable out of the Metropolitan Common

e Poor Fund to any board of guardians in respect of the half-out of common year ending the thirtieth day of September nineteen hundred poor fund. an(i fifteen and any subsequent half-year shall be calculated as if (subject to such adjustments as may be necessary in consequence of the provisions of the last foregoing section) the gross amount expended by those guardians in respect of expenses which are to be repaid out of that fund had been —

(a) In the case of a half-year ending on the thirtieth day of

September, the gross amount expended by those guardians in respect of such expenses during the half-year ending on the thirtieth day of September nineteen hundred and fourteen; and

(b) in the case of a half-year ending on the thirty*first

day of March, the gross amount expended by those guardians in respect of such expenses during the half-year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and fourteen.

Calculation of 9. The amounts payable or transferable by the London abieUSir£pect County Council under subsection (2) of section twenty-four and subsection (2; of section forty-one of the Local Government Act,

1916.

Ch. 12.

25

Local Government (Em

Provisions) Act, 1916.

1888, on account of pauper lunatics in respect of the year ending of pauper the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen, or luMticB* any subsequent year, shall instead of being calculated in manner 58 Vict' provided in paragraphs (e), (f), and (g) of subsection (2) of section twenty-four be the amount payable or transferable in accordance with the said paragraphs in respect of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and fifteen.

10. If a temporary substitute is appointed with the sanction Payment* of the Local Government Board to replace any medical officer of health or inspector of nuisances who has been granted leave respect of of absence in accordance with the provisions of this Act to serve JJ1jJ[ed!cai in or with His Majesty's forces, the county council shall be liable officers of under paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section twenty-four of health and the Local Government Act, 1888, to pay to the local authority ° *

one half of the sum actually paid by the local authority to the medical officer or inspector of nuisances so replaced or his wife or other dependants nominated by him under this Act, and of the salary of the temporary substitute as sanctioned by the Local Government Board, taken together.

XI. — (1) Section five of the Locomotives Act, 1898, shall Amendment have effect as if for subsection (1) thereof there were substituted subsection (1) of section twenty-five of the Local Government on and near (Scotland) Act, 1908. highways.

/«N •, , T . 4, 61 A62 Vict.

(2) Section six of the Locomotives Act, 1865, and section two c. 29.

of the Locomotive Threshing Engines Act, 1894, shall have 284*29Viet62

effect as if the proviso to each of those sections were omitted c. 83.

therefrom. w a 58 Vict.

c. 37.

12. — (1) Notwithstanding any statutory or other provision Simplifying requiring a sanction, assent, approval, authority or direction of ^jfng°Lnc-the Local Government Board to be given, altered or varied by tions, 4c. order or by instrument under seal, any such sanction, assent, approval, authority or direction may be given, altered or varied

in a letter or other writing signed by a secretary or assistant

secretary of the Board, and shall be as valid in all respects and

shall have the same effect as if it had been given by an order of

the Board or by an instrument under the seal of the Board, and

for the purposes of the Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as 31 & 32 Vict.

amended by any subsequent enactment, such letter or writing c. 37.

shall be deemed to be an order of the Board.

(2) This section shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland.

13. — (1) It shall be a sufficient compliance with the require- Removed of

ments of the Local Taxation Returns Acts, 1860 and 1877, the malS^tain Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and the Local Government returns and Act, 1888, if a summary of the local taxation returns is laid reports, before both Houses of Parliament instead of the abstract thereof 235^[24 Vict* required by those Acts. 40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict.

(2) A local authority shall not be required to report to ^66. the Local Government Board the proceedings of its assessment c. 60.

26

Ch. 12.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 53.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 70.

d k 7 Will. 4. c. 86.

61 & 52 Vict. c. 54.

8 Edw.7. c. 36.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Provisions as to audit.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 6.

Payments for returns of deaths under Registration Acts.

6 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 60.

Local Government (Emergency 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1916.

committee or to make to that Board any return of the superannuation allowances and gratuities paid under the Poor Law Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1896.

(3) It shall not be necessary to make out the accounts required by subsection (7) of section one of the London (Equalisation of Rates) Act, 1894.

(4) It shall not be necessary to present to the Local Government Board the account under Part II. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, required by section forty-four of that Act.

(5) Section six of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836, which relates to the preparation of general abstracts of the number of births, deaths, and marriages by the Registrar General, shall not be in force.

(6) It shall not be necessary for the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries —

(a) to convene meetings of the representatives of local

fishery committees required by section nine of the Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888; or

(b) to make the annual report to Parliament required by

section fifty-rune of the Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908, or to require county, borough, district, and parish councils to send to the Board reports of their proceedings under that Act.

(7) It shall not be necessary for a metropolitan borough council to make the annual report of their proceedings or a list of the names and addresses of their members referred to in section one hundred and ninety-eight of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, as amended by subsequent enactments.

14. — (1) The powers given to the Local Government Board by section fifty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1894, to modify, with regard to any audit to which that section applies, the enactments as to publication of the notice of audit and of the abstract of accounts and the report of the auditor, shall extend and apply to the audit of all accounts of a local authority which are subject to audit by a district auditor.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in any statute, the Local Government Board shall, in addition to the powers conferred on them by section five of the District Auditors Act, 1879, have power to prescribe the period for which the accounts of any local authority to which that section applies are to be made up and audited.

15. Any expenses incurred in connection with information of deaths or other statistical information in pursuance of the directions of the Local Government Board under subsection (2) of section two of the Parliament and Registration Act, 1916, may, notwithstanding anything in the Acts relating to registration of electors, be charged and paid in such manner as the Local Government Board direct.

1916.

Local Government (

Provisions), 1916. Ch. 12.

27

16. Every joint committee and every joint board constituted or to be constituted under subsection (3) of section sixty-four of the National Insurance Act, 1911, shall be a body corporate by such name as the Board by which it is constituted may direct, and shall have perpetual succession and a common seal and may hold land for the purposes of their powers and duties without licence in mortmain.

17. — (1) Where at the date on which, but for the provisions of the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, the next statutory election would have taken place of the members of any council, board of guardians, body, or committee to which section one of that Act applies, or may be applied, there was a vacancy amongst those members, that vacancy may be filled in the manner provided bjr subsection (2) of section one of that Act, with respect to casual vacancies required to be filled by election; and any person chosen to fill the vacancy shall hold office in the same manner in all respects as though his predecessor had remained in office until the date when the vacancy was filled.

(2) The Elections and Registration Act, 1915, shall be deemed to have had effect so as to extend by one year in all cases the term of office of an alderman of a municipal borough.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the passing of the Elections and Registration Act, 1915.

18. The contributions made by a local authority towards the administrative expenses of a local or district committee under section two of the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Expenses) Act, 1916, shall be subject to the sanction of the Local Government Board.

19. It shall be lawful for any sanitary authority, if they think fit, to make or to join with any other sanitary authorities in making arrangements and to incur reasonable expenditure in connection with the storage of furniture and effects belonging to persons serving in or with His Majesty's forces (including the cost of insurance against fire and other loss or damage), upon such terms and conditions as they may impose, and any expenditure incurred by the authority shall be defrayed out of any fund or rate out of which any expenses of the authority are payable.

20. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in any statute it shall not be lawful after the passing of this Act for any omnibus to ply for hire on, or use, any route which has not been regularly used by omnibuses plying for hire within two years prior to the first day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen, except with the consent of the highway authority or, if more than one, every highway authority liable for the maintenance and repair of the highways along which the route runs, which consent may be given on such conditions as the highway authority may consider fit, or, if, in the opinion of the Local Government Board, such

Incorporation ot joint committees, &c., under 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 55.

Amendment of 5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 76, s. 1. as to casual vacancies.

Sanction of expenditure under 6 Geo. 6. c. 4. s.2.

Powers of sanitary authorities in connection with the storage of furniture.

Prohibition of establishment of new routes for omnibus.

28

Ch. 12.

Interpretation.

Local Government (6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Provisions), 1916.

consent is unreasonably refused, or if such conditions are unreasonable, without the consent of the Local Government Board; and if any person drives an omnibus or allows an omnibus to be driven along any route in contravention of this provision, he shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds and to a further penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every mile travelled by every omnibus in contravention of the provisions of this section, all penalties recoverable under this section to be paid into the funds of the highway authority concerned:

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply where a route is altered in consequence of the temporary diversion of traffic on account of the breaking up of any road or in pursuance of the directions of any police authority or other directions lawfully given:

Provided also that nothing in this section shall apply to any omnibus plying for hire on, or using, any route in any case where the Admiralty, Army Council, or Minister of Munitions are of opinion that an omnibus service is necessary for and is to be used by munition workers or other persons engaged on Government war service.

(2) This section shall not be deemed to detract from any existing powers of highway authorities in regard to omnibuses.

(3) For the purposes of this section the expression "omnibus " includes every omnibus, char-a-banc, wagonette, brake, stage coach, or other carriage plying for hire or used to carry passengers at separate fares.

Part III.

General.

21. For the purposes of this Act the expression "local authority" means any person or body of persons who receive or expend the proceeds of any local rate and any other public body which the Local Government Board may determine to be a local authority, but overseers of the poor shall not be included except by direction of that Board:

Provided that where any such authority is a police authority it shall not, as such, be deemed, for the purposes of Part I. of this Act, to be a local authority.

In England and Wales a teacher, officer, or servant appointed by the managers of a public elementary school not provided by the local education authority shall, and a teacher, officer, or servant of an institution aided by a local education authority out of the proceeds of any rate, may, if that authority think fit, be deemed, for the purposes of this Act, to be an officer or servant of the local education authority concerned.

Where the Board of Education certify to the Local Government Board that it is expedient that this Act shall apply to any public educational institution, this Act shall apply thereto,

1916. Local Government (EmerCh. 12. 29

Provisions) Act, 1916.

notwithstanding any trust affecting the institution, as if the managers or other governing body of the institution were a local authority, and the teachers, officers, and servants of the institution were officers and servants of a local authority.

For the purposes of this Act, or for such of them as may be specified by the Local Government Board, service in connection with naval or military operations which that Board consider may properly be treated in the same manner as actual naval or military service shall be deemed to be service with His Majesty's forces.

Except where the context otherwise requires the expression allowances" means the separation allowances made to the wives and families and dependants of sailors and soldiers, and includes family allowances for soldiers living at their own homes in the United Kingdom.

The expression "civil remuneration " includes the salary or wages and other emoluments which the officer or servant would have been receiving if he had remained in the actual service of the local authority.

22. In the application of this Act to Scotland the following Application provisions shall have effect: — to Scotland.

(1) References to the Local Government Board shall be

construed as references to the Secretary for Scotland or to such Scottish department as for any particular purpose of this Act may be designated by him, references to the Board of Education shall be construed as references to the Scotch Education Department, references to public educational institutions shall be construed as references to State-aided educational institutions, a reference to the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1898 to 1912, and to the Elementary School Teachers (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1914, shall be construed as a reference to the superannuation scheme for teachers made under section fourteen of the Education (Scot- 8 Edw.7. c. r.s. land) Act, 1908, and to the Education (Scotland) & 5 Geo. 5. (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1914, respectively, c*67' references to a highway authority and references to a sanitary authority shall be construed as references to a county or town council and references to the Local Taxation Returns Acts, 1860 and 1877, and to local taxation returns shall be construed as references to the Local Taxation Returns (Scotland) Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict, and section fifty-one of the Education (Scotland) 36 Vict Act, 1872, and to returns or abstracts thereunder c. 62. 10 *

respectively:

(2) The Secretary for Scotland may, during the continuance

of this Act, by order modify with respect to any

30

Ch. 12.

Local Government (Emergency6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1916.

audit of the accounts of a local authority the enactments as to publication of notice of the audit and of the abstract of accounts and any report of the auditor:

(3) Any grant payable under any statutory enactment to local authorities in Scotland out of the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account shall, during the continuance of this Act, if the Secretary for Scotland by order so prescribes, be allocated and distributed in manner provided by the said enactments respectively on the basis of the last allocation and distribution of the same before the passing of this Act.

Application to Ireland.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 90.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 104.

23. In the application of this Act to Ireland the following provisions shall have effect: —

(1) References to the Local Government Board shall be con-

strued as references to the Local Government Board for Ireland, and references to the Local Taxation Returns Acts, 1860 and' 1877, shall be construed as references to subdivision (5) of Article twenty of the schedule to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898:

(2) It shall not be necessary to include in or append to the

annual report of the Local Government Board for Ireland the statements as to orders and directions in respect of outdoor relief required by section twenty-one of the Poor Relief (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1847, or the statement as to audit of union accounts required by section twenty of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1849:

10 & 11 Vict. c. 31.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 14.

(3) It shall be a sufficient compliance with the requirements

of section twenty-nine of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1847, if a general statement as to the expenditure on the relief of the poor and the total number relieved in Ireland is laid before Parliament instead of an account of the expenditure and number relieved in each union:

(4) Subsection (1) of section one of the Poor Relief (Ireland)

Act, 1914, shall be amended by the insertion of the words "or for the better administration of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Acts, 1838 to 1900, " after the words "present war, " and by the omission of the words "for the said purpose ":

(5) The expression "highway authority" means the county

council, county borough council, or urban district council, as the case requires.

short title and 24. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Local Government

lira ion. (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

1916. Local Government (EmeCh. 12, 13. 31

Provisions) Act, 1916.

(2) This Act, except the provisions of sections two, three, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen and paragraph (4) of section twenty-three thereof, shall have effect only during the continuance of the present war and afterwards for such period or periods (if any) not exceeding one year as the Local Government Board may fix; and the Board may fix different periods for different provisions of the Act.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act,

1914, in relation to officers and men of His Majesty's forces.

[17th May 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914 (herein-after Modification referred to as the " principal Act "), shall have effect in favour u

of officers and men of His Majesty's forces, with the following memberTof modifications, that is to say: — His Majestj’s

(a) Subsection (1) of section one shall apply to any sum of 416 0eo 5 money due and payable in pursuance of a contract c. 78. made before the commencement of this Act, whether such contract was made before or after the beginning of the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and fourteen:

(b) The discretionary powers conferred upon the courts by subsections (2) and (3) of section one may be exercised although the debtor’s inability to pay may not be due to circumstances attributable directly or indirectly to the present war.

2. Any officer or man of His Majesty's forces who is the Power of tenant of any premises under a tenancy from year to year, or for " deiLmtae8 any longer period, may apply to the county court, or in Scotland leaaee to the sheriff court, for the district in which he usually resides, or member* of in which such premises are situate, in such manner as may be ^aje8ty 8 prescribed by rules or directions under the principal Act, for leave to determine such tenancy, and, upon any such application being made, the court may, in its absolute discretion, after considering all the circumstances of the case and the position of all the parties, by order authorise the applicant to determine the tenancy by such notice and upon such conditions as the court thinks fit, and thereupon such tenancy may, notwithstanding any provision in the tenancy agreement or lease, be determined accordingly.

---

32 Ch. 13, 14. Courts (Emergency Powers) (Amendment) Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

[Short title and commencement.]

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Courts (Emergency Powers) (Amendment) Act, 1916, and shall be read with the principal Act; and the principal Act,

[5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 19.]

the Courts (Emergency Powers) (Ireland) Act, 1914, and this Act may be cited together as the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1914 and 1916.

(2) This Act shall have effect as from the eleventh day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, and shall be deemed to have been in operation as from that date.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to provide for the Time in Great Britain and Ireland being in advance of Greenwich and Dublin mean time respectively in the summer months.

[17th May 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Time in summer months.]

1. — (1) During the prescribed period in each year in which this Act is in force, the time for general purposes in Great Britain shall be one hour in advance of Greenwich mean time.

(2) This Act shall be in force in the year nineteen hundred and sixteen, and in that year the prescribed period shall be from two o’clock in the morning Greenwich mean time on Sunday the twenty-first day of May until two o’clock in the morning Greenwich mean time on Sunday the first day of October, and His Majesty may in any subsequent year, by Order in Council made during the continuance of the present war, declare this Act to be in force during that year, and in such case the prescribed period in that year shall be such period as may be fixed by the Order in Council.

(3) Wherever any expression of time occurs in any Act of Parliament, Order in Council, order, regulation, rule, or byelaw, or in any deed, time table, notice, advertisement, or other document, the time mentioned or referred to shall be held, during the prescribed period, to be the time as fixed by this Act:

Provided that where in consequence of this Act it is expedient that any time fixed by any byelaw, regulation, or other instrument should be adjusted and such adjustment cannot be effected except after the lapse of a certain interval or on compliance with certain conditions, the appropriate Government Department may, on the application of the body or person by whom the byelaw, regulation, or other instrument was made or is administered, make such adjustment in the time so fixed as in

1916. Summer Time Act, 1916. Ch. 14, 15. 33

the circumstances may seem to the Department proper, and if any question arises as to what Government Department is the appropriate Government Department, the question shall be finally determined by the Treasury.

(4) This Act shall apply to Ireland in like manner as it applies to Great Britain, with the substitution however of references to Dublin mean time for references to Greenwich mean time.

(5) Nothing in this Act shall affect the use of Greenwich mean time for purposes of astronomy, meteorology, or navigation, or affect the construction of any document mentioning or referring to time in connexion with such purposes as aforesaid.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Summer Time Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to make further provision with respect to Military Service during the present War.

[25th May 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

---

1. — (1) Every male British subject who has at any time Extension and since the fourteenth day of August nineteen hundred and fifteen ^peSSu^of been, or for the time being is, ordinarily resident in Great Britain, Military Ser-and who for the time being has attained the age of eighteen b16 '

years and has not attained the age of forty-one years, shall, 104. unless he either is for the time being within the exceptions set out in the First Schedule to the Military Service Act, 1916 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), as amended by this Act or any subsequent enactment, or has attained the age of forty-one years before the appointed date, be deemed as from the appointed date to have been duly enlisted in his Majesty's regular forces for general service with the colours or in the reserve for the period of the war, and to have been forthwith transferred to the reserve:

Provided that steps shall be taken to prevent so far as possible the sending of men to serve abroad before they attain the age of nineteen.

The appointed date shall, as respects men who come within the operation of this section on the passing of this Act, be the thirtieth day after the date of the passing of this Act, and, as respects men who come within the operation of this section after the passing of this Act, be the thirtieth day after the date on which they so come within the operation of this section.

C

34

Ch. 15.

Military Service Act, 1916

(Session 2).

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Prolongation of expiring terms of service.

44 & 45 Vict,

c. 58.

7 Edw. 7. c. 9.

Modification of exceptions from service.

Provisions as to certificates of exemption.

(2) All the provisions of the principal Act, as amended by this Act, with the exception of those defining the appointed date, shall, so far as applicable, extend to men to whom this section applies in the same manner as to men to whom section one of that Act applied.

(3) Subsection (4) of section one of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

2. During the continuance of the present war, subsection (1) of section eighty-seven of the Army Act, and subsection (5) of section nine of the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907 (which relate to prolongation of service in certain cases), shall have effect as if after the words "not exceeding twelve months" where they occur in those subsections respectively there were inserted the words "or in the case of men whose " time for discharge occurs before the end of the present war " not exceeding the duration of the war ":

Provided that this section shall not apply in the case of men who when their time for discharge occurs have served a period of twelve years or more and have attained the age of forty-one years.

3. — (1) Paragraph five of the First Schedule to the principal Act shall cease to have effect so far as it relates to men who have been discharged from the naval or military service of the Crown on the termination of their period of service:

Provided that where a man is transferred to the reserve in pursuance of the principal Act, or this Act, he shall, if he has been so discharged from the military service of the Crown as a warrant officer or non-commissioned officer, be restored to the military rank which he held immediately before the termination of his military service.

(2) Paragraph six of the First Schedule to the principal Act shall, on the first day of September nineteen hundred and sixteen, cease to apply to a man who has offered himself for enlistment and been rejected since the fourteenth day of August nineteen hundred and fifteen, if the Army Council are satisfied that he should again present himself for medical examination, and send him written notice to that effect before the first mentioned date.

(3) Subsection (5) of section two of the principal Act shall have effect as if the words "before the appointed date" were omitted therefrom.

4. — (1) Where a decision of a local tribunal has been varied on appeal to the appeal tribunal, any certificate of exemption granted in pursuance thereof shall be reviewed or renewed only by the appeal tribunal by whom the decision has been varied, or by such other appeal tribunal as may be provided by regulations, on an application made direct to that tribunal, and the

1916.

Military Service, 1916

(Session 2).

Ch. 15.

35

provisions of the principal Act as to the review or renewal of certificates of exemption shall apply accordingly.

(2) A certificate of exemption may be granted under the principal Act subject to the condition that the certificate shall not be renewable or open to variation except on an application made with the leave of the tribunal on whose decision the certificate has been so granted, and, unless leave is so given, the provisions of the principal Act as to the renewal or variation of certificates shall not apply to a certificate granted subject to such a condition.

The decision of the tribunal granting or refusing leave under this provision shall be final.

(3) It is hereby declared that the power to grant special certificates of exemption in the case of an application on conscientious grounds under subsection (3) of section two of the principal Act is additional to and not in derogation of the general power conferred by that Act to grant an absolute, conditional, or temporary certificate in such cases.

(4) Paragraph six of the Second Schedule to the principal Act shall have effect as if for the expression "local tribunals " wherever that expression occurs there were substituted the word "tribunals."

(5) Regulations made under the Second Schedule to the principal Act may provide for permitting the rehearing of a case by a tribunal in cases specified in the regulations.

5. The provision in subsection (3) of section two of the Amendment of principal Act that no certificate of exemption shall be condi- prfncfpa°if Act. tional upon a person to whom it is granted continuing in or entering into employment under any specified employer or in any specified place or establishment, shall not apply to a certificate of exemption granted on the ground of a conscientious objection to the undertaking of combatant service.

6. Subsection (3) of section three of the principal Act shall, Amendment of as respects certificates which cease to be in force after the date prjin^a'jfA(.t of the passing of this Act, apply only in the case of men who have been engaged in an occupation certified by a government department to be work of national importance, and who were engaged in such an occupation before the fifteenth day of August nineteen hundred and fifteen, and in the case of men whose conditions of employment have been subject to the provisions of section seven of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, as 5 & 6 Geo. 5. amended by any subsequent enactment, and who were in the c# 54 same employment or engaged in the same or similar occupation before the fifteenth day of August nineteen hundred and fifteen, and in all other cases the subsection shall be construed as if " two weeks " were substituted for " two months, " and as if the words "unless in the meantime the man has made an application for a renewal of his certificate " were substituted for the words

36

Ch. 15. Military Service, 1916 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Session 2).

" unless in the meantime the man has obtained a renewal of his certificate."

Provisions as to 7. Regulations made under the Second Schedule to the m«i?cal practi- principal Act shall provide for the establishment of professional tioners. committees to deal with claims for exemption made by duly qualified medical practitioners; and any application made by such a medical practitioner on any ground, other than that of conscientious objection, for a certificate of exemption shall be referred by the tribunal to whom it is made to such a committee in accordance with those regulations; and the recommendation of the committee on the application shall be binding on any tribunal constituted under the principal Act.

Exception for 8. Nothing in this or the principal Act shall operate so as to war°of renc^er liable to military service any person who has at any time since the beginning of the war been a prisoner of war, captured or interned by the enemy, and has been released or exchanged.

Proof of offences in connexion with deserters and absentees. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 48.

9. During the continuance of the present war section one hundred and fifty-three of the Army Act and section seventeen of the Reserve Forces Act, 1882 (which relate to offences in connexion with deserters and absentees), shall have effect as though the following provision were inserted at the end of each of those sections:—

" For the purposes of this section a person shall be deemed to have knowledge unless he proves that he had not knowledge."

and it is hereby declared that, in the application of any provisions of either of those Acts to men who are deemed to have been enlisted and transferred to the reserve in pursuance of the principal Act or this Act, the expression "court of summary jurisdiction" as respects Scotland includes any magistrate or magistrates, by whatever name called, officiating under the provisions of any general or local Police Act.

Duty to pro- 10. — (1) Every man who holds a certificate of exemption

duce certificate granted under the principal Act shall, if required by a constable or to give"1011 or by any person who has authority for the purpose from the particulars. Army Council, produce his certificate or give particulars as to the authority by which the certificate was granted and the grounds on which it was granted.

* If any man fails to comply with this provision or gives

particulars which are false in any material respect, he shall in respect of each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(2) If any person alters or tampers with a certificate of exemption granted under the principal Act, or personates or

1916. Military Service Act, 1916 Ch. 15. 37

(Session2).

falsely represents himself to be a person to whom such a certificate has been granted, or improperly allows any other person to have possession of any such certificate issued for his use alone, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

11. Notices served for the purposes of the principal Act or Provision as to this Act shall not be deemed to be invalid on the ground only notice8’&c* that they were served before the Act came into operation or

before the man in respect of whom they are served became a member of the reserve.

12. The Army Council may make arrangements, to take Transfer to effect during the continuance of the present war, for the transfer

to the reserve of any member of the regular forces or for the stances, temporary demobilization of any member of the territorial force, notwithstanding anything in any Act or in the terms of his enlistment, in cases where the transfer or demobilization appears expedient in the general interests of the country and the Army Council are satisfied that it can be effected under conditions which will render the man transferred or demobilized immediately available for service in the case of military necessity:

Provided that during such period of transfer or demobilization the man shall not be subject to military discipline.

13. The first proviso to section one of the Army (Transfers) Amendment of Act, 1915 (which provides for the maintenance of the rate of

pay of a soldier transferred to a corps not of the same arm or Act, I9i; branch of the service as the corps in which he w^s serving), 5 Geo. 5-shall not have effect in cases in which the Army Council direct c’ that that proviso shall not apply.

14. — (1) During the continuance of the present war, not- Transfer of withstanding anything in section seven of the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907, the orders and regulations for the territorial government and discipline of the territorial force made under force-that section —

(a) may authorise a man of the territorial force when belonging to one corps to be transferred without his consent to another corps, and may authorise a man of the territorial force to be posted without his consent to a battalion or other body of the regular forces included in the corps to which he belongs or is transferred; and

(b) in the case of an officer or man in the territorial force who is liable to service outside the United Kingdom may, for the purposes of such service, and notwithstanding anything in any instrument defining the conditions of such service, authorise the drafting of any such officer or man to any unit of the territorial force within the corps to which he belongs or to which he may be transferred;

38

Ch. 15.

Military Service Act, 1916

(Session 2).

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Power to form corps for more than one county.

Provision as to liability of territorials to serve outside the United Kingdom.

Short title, citation and repeal.

Section 17 (2).

and those orders and regulations shall also provide for the maintenance of the rate of pay of a man who is transferred without his consent to a different arm or branch of the service except in cases in which it appears undesirable to the Army Council that the rate of pay should be so maintained.

(2) This section shall affect officers or men of the territorial force notwithstanding that they were commissioned, enlisted, or re-engaged before the date of any order or regulation under this section.

15. During the continuance of the present war section nine of the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907, shall be construed as authorising corps to be formed for more than one county.

16. Where an officer or man of the territorial force has, before or after the passing of this Act, accepted liability to serve in any place out of the United Kingdom, that liability shall continue, notwithstanding anything in the conditions of service, during the continuance of the present war, unless the competent military authority, as defined for the purposes of Part II. of the Army Act, otherwise direct.

17. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Military Service Act, 1916 (Session 2), and the principal Act and this Act shall be read together, and may be cited together as the Military Service Acts, 1916; and the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907, and this Act (so far as they relate to the territorial force) may be cited together as the Territorial Force Acts, 1907 and 1916.

(2) The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. The Military Service Subsection (4) of section one; the words "before the appointed date " in subsection (5) of section two; the words "and subject to " any provision which may hereafter be made by Parliament, " men who have been discharged " from the naval or military " service of the Crown on the

c. 104. Act, 1916.

" termination of their period of " service" in paragraph five of the First Schedule; and the word "local " wherever it occurs before the word "tribunals " in paragraph six of the Second Schedule.

1916.

Consolidated Fund (No. 3), 1916. Ch. 16.

39

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.

[1st June 1916.]

Most Gracious Sovereign.

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: *

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of issue of

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply

towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the consolidated

service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one Fun? for the

thousand nine hundred and seventeen, the sum of three hundred ending6

million pounds. Slat March

1917.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for the

issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to

and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the

credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole three hundred million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and section six

of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of 40 & 41 Vict, bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills. c- 2-

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall he repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available. 3

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1916.

40

Ch. 17.

Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Power of Com-raander-in-Chief to delegate his powers in relation to courts-martial, &c.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the Naval Discipline Act with respect to the powers and duties of the Commander-in-Chief of the Grand Fleet during the present War.

[1st June 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) During the present war it shall be lawful for the Commander-in-Chief of the Grand Fleet, when so authorised by the Admiralty, to delegate to the several vice-admirals in command of squadrons forming part of that fleet the power to exercise, in relation to the officers and men of ships which for the time being may for the purposes of this section he placed under the orders of the vice-admiral, all or any of the powers and duties conferred or imposed on the Commander-in-Chief by or under the Naval Discipline Act in relation to courts-martial or disciplinary courts or the carrying out of sentences passed thereat, and where such powers and duties have been so delegated then notwithstanding anything in the Naval Discipline Act or in any General Orders issued under that Act —

(a) any such vice-admiral shall he able to exercise the powers so delegated notwithstanding that the Commander-in-Chief or any officer superior in rank to himself may he present;

(b) the officers summoned to sit on a court-martial or disciplinary court ordered by any such vice-admiral shall (except in cases where the Commander-in-Chief otherwise directs) be officers of ships so placed under the command of the vice-admiral as aforesaid;

(c) the report of the proceedings of a court-martial or disciplinaiy court ordered by such vice-admiral in pursuance of the powers delegated to him shall be sent to that vice-admiral for transmission to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

(2) The Commander-in-Chief of the Grand Fleet may from time to time place under the orders of a vice-admiral for the purposes of this section any ships whether belonging to the squadron under the command of that vice-admiral or not. 2

2. This Act may be cited as the Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) Act, 1916.

1916.

Courts (Emergency Powers) (No. 2)

Act, 196.

Ch. 18.

41

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to give to courts in connection with the present war further powers of granting relief.

[1st June 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) In subsection (1) of section one of the Courts Amendment of

(Emergency Powers) Act, 1914 (herein-after referred to as the 2tomort^Ct principal Act) gageoa and

(a) the expression "enter into possession" shall include the companies.

appointment of a receiver of mortgaged property; and *85 Geo. 2 3 5-

(b) the provisions relating to foreclosure shall extend to the

institution of proceedings for foreclosure or for sale in lieu of foreclosure; and

(c) the expression "a mortgagee in possession " shall include

a mortgagee who before the passing of the principal Act appointed a receiver who is still in possession or receipt of the rents and profits of the mortgaged property, but shall not include a mortgagee of property other than land or some interest in land, except in any case where the power of sale had arisen and notice of intended sale had been given prior to the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and fourteen.

(2) Where a petition has, whether before or after the passing of this Act, been presented for the winding up of any company, the court shall have the like discretion as to staying proceedings under the petition as by subsection (3) of section one of the principal Act is conferred on courts having jurisdiction in bankruptcy in relation to bankruptcy proceedings.

(3) This section shall have effect as from the twenty-fifth day of May nineteen hundred and sixteen, and shall be deemed to have been in operation as from that date.

2. — (1) A county court may authorise the grant of a new Power of lease for a term of twenty-one years or upwards of a dwelling- house to which the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest restrictions (War Restrictions) Act, 1915, applies, in consideration for which imposed by

a fine, premium, or other like sum, in addition to the rent is £ ^e1°‘(2).

required, if the court is satisfied that the terms of the tenancy are on the whole not less favourable to the tenant than the terms on which the dwelling-house was previously let, and in such cases subsection (2) of section one of the said Act shall not apply.

(2) This section shall be construed as one with the said Act.

3. Where on the application of a person entitled to build Power to court

oa any site it is proved to the satisfaction of such court as may ^rioTforpre-be provided by rules or directions under the principal Act — scription run-

fa) that that person is prevented from erecting a building nin&in certain on the site by reason of circumstances attributable ca8es‘

42

2 & 3 Will. c. 71.

Short title, construction, and extent.

Extension of duration of Twelfth Parliament of Canada.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 3.

[Short title.]

Ch. 18, 19. Courts (Emergency Powers) (No. 2) 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

directly or indirectly to the present war, or that in the opinion of the Treasury or of the Minister of Munitions it is desirable in the national interests that he should not erect such a building during the present war; and (b)that in consequence of the delay in erecting such building there is danger of a right to light being acquired by prescription in respect of any adjoining or neighbouring premises,

the court may in its absolute discretion, after considering all the circumstances of the case and the position of all the parties, by order declare that a period, commencing at such date not earlier than the twenty-fifth day of May nineteen hundred and sixteen and ending at such date not later than six months after the termination of the present war as may be fixed by the court, shall be excluded in computing the period of the enjoyment of light required for the purpose of obtaining a prescriptive right whether under the Prescription Act, 1832, or otherwise.

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Courts (Emergency Powers) (No. 2) Act, 1916, and save as otherwise expressly provided shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1914 and 1916, and this Act may be cited together as the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1914 to 1916.

(2) Subsection (1) of section one and sections two and three of this Act shall not apply to Scotland.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend the British North America Act, 1867.

[1st June 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Notwithstanding anything in the British North America Act, 1867, or in any Act amending the same, or in any Order in Council, or terms or conditions of Union, made or approved under the said Act, or under any Act of the Canadian Parliament, the term of the Twelfth Parliament of Canada is hereby extended until the seventh day of October nineteen hundred and seventeen.

2. This Act may be cited as the British North America Act, 1916, and the British North America Acts, 1867 to 1915, and this Act may be cited together as the British North America Acts, 1867 to 1916.

1916.

National Insurance (Part II.)

(Munition Workers) Act, 1916. Ch. 20.

3

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to extend the provisions of the National Insurance Act, 1911, relating to unemployment insurance to certain trades and employments in connection with the present war.

[19th July 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the provisions Extension of

of the National Insurance Act, 1911, relating to unemployment i^nce uT11 insurance (including the provisions as to contributions out of certain trades moneys provided by Parliament), as amended by the National Insurance (Part II. Amendment) Act, 1914, and the National sent war.*"*’ Insurance (Part II. Amendment) Act, 1915 (which provisions as 4 & 6 Geo. 5. so amended are hereinafter referred to as the principal Act), and R

the regulations made thereunder, shall extend to every person, c. 27. *°‘ being a workman within the meaning of the principal Act,

who —

(a) is engaged on or in connection with munitions work as

defined by the Munitions of War Acts, 1915 and 1916, 5 & 6 Geo. 5. except such classes of such work as the Board of c, c*64 k Trade may by order exclude; or

(b) is employed in a trade mentioned in the First Schedule

to this Act;

and to his employer, as if the work on which he is engaged or such trade were an insured trade within the meaning of the principal Act:

(2) The provisions of the principal Act mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act shall not apply in respect of workmen insured under this Act.

2. — (1) Where it appears to the Board of Trade that in any Power to trade or branch of a trade a substantial amount of munitions andkher work or other work for war purposes is being carried on, and employments, that it is desirable to extend the provisions of this Act to workmen employed in that trade or branch of a trade, the Board of

Trade may by order extend this Act to workmen in that trade or branch of a trade, subject to such exceptions (if any) as may be specified in the order, and thereupon this Act shall, subject to such adaptations (if any) as may be contained in the order, apply as if the trade or branch of a trade mentioned in the order were a trade included in the First Schedule to this Act, and in particular the order may except workmen who can show that they were employed in the trade or branch of the trade before

D

44

Ch. 20.

National Insurance (Part II.) 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Munition Workers) Act, 1916.

Limitation on the time during which liabilities and rights continue.

Relations between principal Act and this Act.

the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and fourteen, or that they were under the age of eighteen years on first becoming employed in the trade or branch of the trade.

(2) Where in any establishment some workmen are insured under this Act, any other workman employed in that establishment may, with his consent and the consent of his employer, be treated as if he were employed in a trade mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act.

3. — (1) This Act, so far as it imposes on employers and workmen a liability to pay contributions, shall cease to have effect at such date as the Board of Trade may by order determine, not being later than five years after the commencement of this Act, or three years after the termination of the present war, whichever of those dates may be the later, and, so far as it confers on workmen a right to receive benefit in respect of such contributions, shall cease to have effect at the expiration of six months from the date so determined or at such later date as the Board may fix.

(I 2)The Board of Trade shall, in accordance with regulations approved by the Treasury, prepare accounts, so far as practicable, showing separately the estimated receipts and expenditure of the unemployment fund in respect of workmen insured under this Act; and

(a) if the accounts indicate that at the date when benefit

ceases to be payable under this Act the payments out of the unemployment fund for the purposes of this Act exceed the aggregate amount of the receipts of that fund under this Act, the Treasury shall out of moneys provided by Parliament repay to the unemployment fund the estimated amount of such excess; and

(b) no modification shall be made under section ninety-three

of the principal Act of any of the rates of contribution or rates or periods of unemployment benefit applicable to workmen insured under the principal Act, unless it appears that there would have been ground for such modification if this Act had not been passed.

4. — (1) Nothing in this Act shall affect any workman in an insured trade within the meaning of the principal Act in respect of his employment in that trade.

(2) Where any question arises whether the contributions paid or payable in respect of any workman have been paid or are payable under this Act, or under the principal Act, the question shall be decided in the like manner as a question whether a workman is a workman in respect of whom contributions are payable under the principal Act, or whether a trade in which a workman is employed is an insured trade, and the

1916.

National Insurance II.)

(Munition Workers), 1916. Ch. 20.

45

provisions of the principal Act relating to the determination of such questions and the consequences of decisions thereon and requiring any such question to be referred to the umpire shall apply accordingly:

Provided that where contributions have been paid in respect of a workman at one time under the principal Act and at another time under this Act, the Board of Trade may, if they think fit, treat any contributions which have been paid in respect of such workman under this Act as if they had been paid under the principal Act instead of under this Act.

5. — (1) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance (Part II.) (Munition Workers) Act, 1916, and the National Insurance Act, 1911, so far as it relates to unemployment insurance, and the National Insurance (Part II. Amendment) Act, 1914, the National Insurance (Part II. Amendment) Act, 1915, and this Act may be cited together as the National Insurance (Unemployment) Acts, 1911 to 1916.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the fourth day of September nineteen hundred and sixteen, or such later date, not being later than the first day of January nineteen hundred and seventeen, as the Board of Trade may direct.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

List of Trades.

(1) The manufacture of ammunition, fireworks, and explosives.

(2) The manufacture of chemicals, including oils, lubricants, soap, candles, paints, colours, and varnish.

(3) The manufacture of metals and the manufacture or repair of metal goods.

(4) The manufacture of robber and goods made therefrom.

(5) The manufacture of leather and leather goods.

(6) The manufacture of bricks, cement, and artificial stone and other artificial building materials.

(7) -Saw milling, including machine woodwork, and the manufacture of wooden^cases.

Short title, citation, and commencement.

Sections 1(1), 2.

46

Section 1 (2).

Amendment of 5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 40. 8.1

Short title and citation.

Ch. 20, 21. National Insurance (6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Munition Workers) Act, 1916.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Principal Act excepted.

The section which, by section five of the National Insurance (Part II. Amendment) Act, 1914, is substituted for section ninety-four of the principal Act, which relates to refunds to employers.

Section ninety-five of the principal Act, as amended by section six of the National Insurance (Part II. Amendment) Act, 1914, which relates to refunds to workmen.

The section which, by section seven of the National Insurance (Part II. Amendment) Act, 1914, is substituted for section ninety-six of the principal Act, which relates to remission of contributions in respect of workmen working short time.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to amend the Marriage of British Subjects (Facilities) Act, 1915.

[19th July 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. If His Majesty is satisfied that, for the purposes of a marriage to be solemnized or contracted in any part of His Dominions outside the United Kingdom between a British subject resident in that part and a British subject resident in England, Scotland, or Ireland, no notice of the marriage is, under the law in force in that part of His Dominions, required on the part of the person resident in England, Scotland, or Ireland, His Majesty may by Order in Council declare that section one of the Marriage of British Subjects (Facilities) Act, 1915, shall apply to that part of His Dominions, notwithstanding that the law in force in that part does not make provision for the recognition of certificates for marriage issued in England, Scotland, and Ireland, and of certificates of proclamation of banns issued in Scotland, as sufficient notice in respect of such marriages as aforesaid, provided that the other conditions required by that section are fulfilled.

2. This Act may be cited as the Marriage of British Subjects (Facilities) Amendment Act, 1916, and the Marriage Of British Subjects (Facilities) Act, 1915, and this Act may be cited together as the Marriage of British Subjects (Facilities) Acts, 1915 and 1916.

1916.

47

Re-election of Ministers, 1916. Off. 22, 23.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to make temporary provision rendering unnecessary the re-election of Members of the House of Commons on acceptance of certain Offices.

[19th July 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The office of Minister of Munitions shall be deemed to be an office included in Schedule H. of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, and Schedule H. of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, and in Schedule E. of the Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868.

(2) Where by virtue of the Re-election of Ministers Act, 1915, a member of the House of Commons did not vacate his seat by reason of his acceptance of any of the offices mentioned in the said schedules as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act, he shall, for the purposes of section fifty-two of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, section fifty-one of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, and section eleven of the Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868, be treated as if he had been returned as a member to serve in Parliament since the acceptance by him of such office.

(3) The provisions of this Act shall have effect as if they had been included in the Re-election of Ministers Act, 1915.

2. This Act may be cited as the Re-election of Ministers Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to extend further the term of service of the Royal Marine Force during the present War.

[19th July 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. During the present war section five of the Royal Marines Act, 1847, as extended by the Royal Marines Act, 1914, relating

The necessity of re-election of certain Ministers suspended.

30 31 Vict. c. 102.

31 & 82 Vict, c. 48.

31 & 32 Vict, o. 49.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 60.

[Short title.]

Power to prolong service during the

48

Ch. 23, 24.

Finance Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

present war. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 63.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

c. 16.

[Short title.]

Increased duties on cocoa.

to the prolongation of service in the Royal Marines, shall have effect as if in the above-mentioned section for the words "not " exceeding two years " there were substituted the words "not " beyond the end of the present war."

2. This Act may be cited as the Royal Marines. Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connexion with Finance.

[19th July 1916.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Bang’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

1. In lieu of the present duties on cocoa there shall, as from the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, levied, and paid on cocoa imported into Great Britain or Ireland the following duties of Customs, that is to say:—

! Up to and including the Twenty-tirst day of June nineteen hundred and sixteen. After that date.

d. £ s. <2.

Cocoa .... the lb. .006 the cwt. *220

Cocoa (husks and shells) the cwt. - 0 12 0 the cwt. - 0 6 0

Cocoa butter the lb. >006 the lb. 0 0 4i

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

49

2. In lieu of the present duties on coffee there shall, as horn increased the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, on levied, and paid on coffee imported into Great Britain or Ireland the following duties of Customs, that is to say: —

£ 5. d.

Coffee (not kiln-dried, roasted, or ground)

the cwt. 2 2 0

Coffee (kiln-dried, roasted, or ground) the lb. 0 0 6

3. — (1) In lieu of the present duties of Customs on chicory increased there shall, as from the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, levied, and paid on chicory imported into Great Britain or Ireland the following duties of Customs, that is

to say: —

£ 8. d.

Chicory, raw or kiln-dried - - the cwt. 1 19 8

Chicory, roasted or ground - - the lb. 0 0 6

(2) In lieu of the present Excise duty on chicory there shall, as from the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, levied, and paid the following Excise duty, that is to say: —

Chicory, raw or kiln-dried - - the cwt. 1 18 6

and so in proportion for any less quantity.

4. In lieu of the present Excise duty in respect of coffee increased substitutes there shall, as from the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, levied, and paid on any article tutes,

or substance prepared or manufactured for the purpose of being in imitation of, or in any respect to resemble, or to serve as a substitute for, coffee or chicory, and on any mixture of any such article or substance with coffee or chicory, the following Excise duty, that is to say:—

£ a. d.

For every quarter of a pound of any such article, substance, or mixture which is sold or kept for sale in the United Kingdom -001}

5. In lieu of the present Customs duties, drawbacks, and increased

allowance in respect of sugar, molasses, glucose, and saccharin dutie8

there shall, as from the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and

sixteen, be charged, levied, and paid the duties specified in the first column of Part I. of the First Schedule to this Act, and there shall be paid and allowed the drawbacks and allowance set out in Part II. of that Schedule.

6. — (1) In lieu of the present Excise duties, drawbacks, and increased allowance in respect of sugar, molasses, glucose, and saccharin

there shall, as from the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, levied, and paid the duties specified in the second column of Part I. of the First Schedule to this Act,

50

Ch. 24.

Finance Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 89.

Customs duties on table waters.

6 G20. 5. c. 11

Customs duty on cider.

Licence duty in respect of table waters and cider.

Duties on

mechanical]

lighters.

and there shall be paid and allowed the drawbacks and allowance set out in Part II. of that Schedule.

(2) The provisions of Part III. of the First Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, shall apply to the Excise duties under this section.

7. — (1) There shall as from the first day of May nineteen hundred and sixteen be charged, levied, and paid upon table waters as defined by this section imported into Great Britain or Ireland, the following duties of Customs, that is to say: —

On table waters which contain as the result of the ordinary process of manufacture, or are prepared in the ordinary process of manufacture with, sugar or other sweetening material, or which are fermented beverages, a duty at the rate of fourpence per gallon; and

On any other table waters a duty at the rate of eightpence per gallon.

(2) In this section " table waters " includes any aerated waters and any beverages to be sold or kept for sale in bottles, or in casks or other corked or closed receptacles, other than —

(o) Any liquor for the retail sale of which an Excise licence was at the time of the passing of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916, required; and

(b) Syrups or other liquors intended to be consumed only in a diluted form.

8. There shall as from the first day of May nineteen hundred and sixteen be charged, levied, and paid on cider and perry imported into Great Britain or Ireland a duty of Customs at the rate of fourpence per gallon.

9. There shall be charged, levied, and paid on a licence to be taken out annually, in cases where such a licence is required under section six of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916, by persons who sell table waters and by persons who sell cider or perry, an Excise duty of ten shillings.

10. — (1) There shall be charged, levied, and paid on any tinder box, tinder lighter, or other mechanical and portable contrivance for producing a spark or flame (in this Act referred to as mechanical lighters), imported into Great Britain or Ireland, a duty of Customs of one shilling in the case of mechanical lighters requiring the use of spirit, and of sixpence in any other case.

(2) There shall be charged, levied, and paid on any mechanical lighter manufactured in Great Britain or Ireland, an Excise duty of one shilling in the case of mechanical lighters requiring the use of spirit, and of sixpence in any other case.

(3) If any person manufactures for sale a mechanical lighter without paying duty in accordance with this section, that person shall be liable in respect of each offence to an Excise penalty of fifty pounds.

1916.

Finance A, 1916.

Cfl. 24.

51

(4) The Commissioners of Customs and Excise may make regulations prohibiting the manufacture of mechanical lighters except by persons holding a licence and having made entry for the purpose, and for fixing the date of the expiration of the licence, and also for regulating the manufacture of mechanical lighters and the removal from the manufactory of mechanical lighters with a view to securing and collecting the Excise duty imposed by this Act, and may by those regulations apply to the Excise duty on mechanical lighters and to manufacturers of mechanical lighters any enactments relating to any duty of Excise or Customs and to persons carrying on any trade subject to the laws of Excise.

If any person acts in contravention of, or fails to comply with, any of those regulations, the article in respect of which the offence was committed shall be forfeited, and the person committing the offence shall be liable in respect of each offence to an Excise penalty of fifty pounds.

11. — (1) The table-water duty charged under section four Reduction of of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916, and the duty of on herb Customs on table waters charged under this Act shall be reduced in the case of herb beer so as to be at the rate of twopence per gallon.

(2) " Herb beer" means the beverage usually known as herb beer or botanic beer, but does not include ginger beer.

12. Entertainments duty within the meaning of section one Exemption of

of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916, shall not be charged on payments for admission to any entertainment where the entertainments Commissioners of Customs and Excise are satisfied — du*7 *

(a) that the entertainment is provided by or on behalf of a

school or other educational institution; and

(b) that the school or institution is not conducted or

established for profit; and

(c) that the entertainment is provided solely for the purpose

of promoting some object in connexion with the school or institution; and

(d) that all the persons taking part as performers in the entertainment are persons who are under the age of sixteen years and who are receiving or have received instruction in the school or institution.

13. — (1) It is hereby declared that a motor car is not Prorisions as exempt under subsection (3) of section eighty-six of the

Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, as being a hackney carriage ney carriages, within the meaning of section four of the Customs and Inland io Bdw. 7. and Revenue Act, 1888, if the car is used on any occasion as a carriage within the meaning of subsection (3) of the said 8. section four.

(2) There shall be exhibited on every motor car which is exempted from duty under section eighty-six of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, as amended by this or any other Act, as

52

Ch. 24.

Finance Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

3 E(lw. 7. c. 36.

Extension of relief in respect of motor car licence duty,

Motor spirit licence duty.

being a hackney carriage, in conjunction with the mark fixed on the car indicating the registered number of the car and the council with which the car is registered, a distinctive sign indicating that the car is so exempt, and regulations made by the Local Government Board under the Motor Car Act, 1903, shall provide for the sign to be so exhibited.

The penalties imposed by subsection (4) of section two of the Motor Car Act, 1903, shall apply to the sign to be exhibited under this provision as they apply to the marks to be fixed under that section.

14. — (1) Subsection (4) of section eighty-six of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910 (which provides for the repayment in certain cases to duly qualified medical practitioners of half the duty on motor car licences), shall apply to registered veterinary surgeons in like manner as it applies to duly qualified medical practitioners.

(2) If any person proves to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise that any motor car kept by him has during any year, or any continuous part of a year not being less than two months, been used exclusively for the purpose of any ambulance or hospital work, or any other work undertaken by agreement with the Government in connexion with any naval or military services, he shall be entitled to the repayment of any duty paid for that year under section eighty-six of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, on the licence for the car, or of a proportionate part of the duty.

15. — (1) In addition to any other duties imposed by law in respect to motor spirit, there shall, on and after the first day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, levied, and paid on a licence to be taken out by any person who desires to be supplied with motor spirit, a duty at the rate of sixpence for every gallon of motor spirit with which he is authorised to be supplied by the licence:

Provided that —

(a) Any person using motor spirit for purposes other than

. supplying motive power to a motor car or motor

cycle, or for supplying motive power to any motor car or motor cycle in respect of which duty is not payable under section eighty-six of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, shall be entitled, in accordance with regulations made under this section, to an allowance or repayment of the whole duty payable under this section in respect of a licence authorising the supply of that motor spirit; and

(b) Any person who, under the preceding section of this

Act, has received repayment of motor-car licence duty by reason of the use of his car during any period for any such purpose as therein mentioned shall be entitled, in accordance with regulations made under this section, to an allowance

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

63

or repayment of the duty payable under this section in respect of the motor spirit used during that period; and

(c) Any duly qualified medical practitioner or registered veterinary surgeon using motor spirit for the purpose of supplying motive power to a motor car or motor cycle kept by him, while it is being used by him for the purposes of his profession, shall be entitled, in accordance with regulations made under this section, to an allowance or repayment of half the amount of duty payable under this section in respect of a licence authorising the supply of that motor spirit.

(2) A licence shall be in such form, and shall be issued in such manner, and subject to such conditions, as may be prescribed by regulations made for the purposes of this section by the Board of Trade, and the regulations may provide for the use of different forms of licence according to the purpose for which, the supply of motor spirit is required, and every licence shall specify the amount of motor spirit authorised by the licence to be supplied to the holder.

Regulations may provide for the surrender of any licence under this section authorising the supply of motor spirit, and for any consequent repayment of duty.

(3) Nothing in this section or in any provisions supplemental to this section shall apply to the supply of motor spirit to licensed dealers for the purpose of sale to customers, but those provisions shall apply to the appropriation of motor spirit by a supplier of motor spirit for pur poses other than the supply to customers in the same manner as they apply to obtaining a supply of motor spirit.

(4) In this section, and in any provisions supplemental to this section, " motor spirit " has the same meaning as in Part VI. of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910.

16. — (1) A person shall not, on or after the first day of Supplemental August nineteen hundred and sixteen, obtain or attempt to tomSorspfrit obtain a supply of motor spirit unless he is the holder of a licence duty, licence for the time being in force under the preceding section of this Act, or in excess of the amount with which he is authorised to be supplied by the licence.

(2) A person shall not, on or after the first day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen, supply motor spirit to a person who is not the holder of a licence for the time being in force under the preceding section of this Act, or in excess of the amount authorised to be supplied by the licence.

(3) A person supplying motor spirit shall, on or after the first day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen, in such manner as may be directed by regulations made under the preceding section of this Act, enter on the licence of the person

54

Ch. 21, Finance A, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

supplied the name and address of the supplier, the amount supplied, and the date on which it was supplied.

(4) A person shall not use motor spirit, with which he is authorised to be supplied for any special purpose by his licence, for any other purpose.

(5) If any person acts in contravention of or fails to comply with any provision of this section, or makes any entry on a licence'which is false in any material particular, or makes any statement which is false in any material particular for the purpose of obtaining a licence or allowance or repayment of duty, he shall be liable to an Excise penalty of one hundred pounds.

Continuance of Customs duties imposed under the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915.

17. The following duties of Customs, imposed by Part I. of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid until the first day of August nineteen hundred and seventeen, that is to say: —

Duty. I Section of Act.

Increased duty on tea ..... 1

Additional duties on dried fruit - - | 8

Additional duties on tobacco - - 9 (1)

Additional duty on motor spirit - 1 10 (1)

New import duties - - -12

Continuance 18. The following duties of Excise, imposed by Part I. of duties0imposed the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, shall continue to be charged, under the levied, and paid until the first day of August nineteen hundred (No? 2^Act, and seventeen, that is to say:—

1915. Duty. | Section of Act.

Additional duties on tobacco 9(2)

Additional duty on motor spirit - - . 10 (2)

Additional medicine duties 11

Drawback on 19. There shall be paid an additional drawback on beer, i^rMpectXofrt un(^er conditions to be made by the Commissioners of Customs sugar and and Excise, in respect of imported sugar and glucose and also glucose. respect of sugar and glucose made in Great Britain and

Ireland, used in the brewing of beer for export, on its deposit in bond, according to the amount of duty paid on such sugar and glucose.

Provision aa 20. Where the rates of any duties of Customs or Excise of mte^of011 Previously chargeable are altered by any resolution of the drawback House of Commons having statutory effect, and any Bill which

where rates has been introduced into the House to give effect to that

altered.* resolution provides for an alteration of the rates of drawback to be allowed in respect of those duties, then, so long as the said resolution continues to have statutory effect, drawback shall be allowed in accordance with the rates provided in that Bill,

1916.

Finance A, 1916. Ch. 24.

55

subject to any necessary adjustment in case the rates of drawback as enacted by Parliament differ from the rates provided in the Bill.

21. — (1) On the exportation or shipment for use as ships’ Allowance of stores of any goods in the manufacture or preparation of which.

in Great Britain or Ireland any of the following articles, that is tion ofgoods to say, dried figs, fig cake, raisins, or currants, have been used, manufactured a drawback equal to the duty in respect of the quantity of the 2^itsdri article which appears to the satisfaction of the Treasury to have been used in the manufacture or preparation of the goods shall be allowed, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise that the duties on importation have been duly paid.

(2) In allowing drawback under this section the Commissioners of Customs and Excise may, with the assent of the Treasury, relax in the case of any goods any requirements of section one hundred and four and section one hundred and six of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, as to the giving of 39 & 40 Vict, security and the examination of goods. c. 36.

22. On the exportation or shipment for use as ships’ stores Drawback of any roasted coffee or roasted chicory, or any mixture of on exported roasted coffee and roasted chicory, there shall, if it is shown ^5^ and to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise mixtures of that the duties on importation or the duties of Excise, as the

case may be, imposed under this Act have been duly paid, and subject to such conditions as the Commissioners may prescribe, be allowed drawbacks at the following rates, that is to say:—

£ 8. d.

Coffee, for every hundred pounds - 2 2 0

Chicory, for every hundred pounds - 1 14 4

Mixtures of coffee and chicory, for every hundred

pounds - - -114 4

Provided that no drawback shall be allowed on any such coffee, chicory, or mixture if any substance other than coffee, chicory, or a substance necessarily or ordinarily used in the manufacturing of chicory is mixed therewith. 23 *

23. — (1) His Majesty may by Order in Council substitute power by for the period of one year specified in paragraph (c) of sub- Order in section (1) of section one of the Immature Spirits (Restriction) SSSywc-Act, 1915, as the period for which the restriction imposed by tion i of the that section is not to apply to certain imported rum delivered

for home consumption, and for the period of at least nine 8triction Act, months specified in the said paragraph, such longer periods i9ifi, asre-respectively as His Majesty thinks fit. §*£*£ q; 5

(2) Any Order in Council made under this section shall be c-46-laid before each House of Parliament forthwith, and if an address is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-one days on

56

Ch. 24.

Finance A, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Income tax for 1916-17.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34.

32 & 33 Vict.

c. 67.

Modification of relief given with respect to earned income. 7 Edw.7. c. 13. 4 4c 5 Geo. 6. c. 10.

which that House has sat next after the Order has been laid before it praying that the Order may be annulled, His Majesty may annul the Order, and it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder.

(3) Any Order in Council made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council made in like manner.

Part II.

Income Tax.

24. — (1) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen shall be charged at the rate of five shillings, and super-tax shall be charged, levied, and paid for that year at the same rates as those charged for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and fifteen.

(2) All such enactments relating to income tax, including super-tax, as were in force with respect to the duties of income tax granted for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and fifteen shall (with the exception of section twenty of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915) have full force and effect with respect to any duties of income tax hereby granted.

(3) The annual value of any property which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules A. and B. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house duty, for the year ending on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, shall be taken as the annual value of such property for the same purpose for the next subsequent year; provided that this subsection —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in

Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

(b) shall not apply to the metropolis as defined by the

Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869. 25

25. The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1907 (which provides for the reduction of the income tax payable in respect of earned income), in lieu of that substituted by section four of the Finance Act, 1914, namely:—

" (1) Any individual who claims and proves in manner provided by this section that his total income from all sources does not exceed two thousand five hundred pounds, and that any part of that income is earned income shall be entitled, subject to the provisions of this section, to such relief from income tax as will reduce the amount payable on the earned income to the amount which would

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

57

be payable if the tax, were charged on that income at the rate of —

" 2s. 3 d.if the total income does not exceed five hundred pounds;

" 2s. 6 d.if the total income exceeds five hundred pounds and does not exceed one thousand pounds;

" 3s. 0d.if the total income exceeds one thousand

pounds and does not exceed one thousand five hundred pounds;

" 3s. 8 d.if the total income exceeds one thousand five hundred pounds and does not exceed two thousand pounds;

" 4s. 4 d.if the total income exceeds two thousand

pounds and does not exceed two thousand five hundred pounds."

26. — (1) If any individual who has been assessed or charged to income tax or has paid income tax either by way of deduction earned income or otherwise claims and proves in manner prescribed by the in case of in. Income Tax Acts that his total income from all sources does not exceed two thousand pounds, he shall be entitled to the repay- 2.000l. ment of such a part of the income tax paid by him as will reduce the amount of income tax on his unearned income to the amount which would have been paid if the tax were charged on that income at the rate of —

3 8.0 d.if the total income does not exceed five hundred

pounds;

3s. 6 d.if the total income exceeds five hundred pounds and does not exceed one thousand pounds;

4s. 0 d.if the total income exceeds one thousand pounds and does not exceed one thousand five hundred pounds;

4s. 3d. if the total income exceeds one thousand five hundred pounds and does not exceed two thousand pounds.

(2) The relief given under this section shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any exemption, or other relief or abatement, under the Income Tax Acts, but where any such exemption, relief, or abatement is to be determined by reference to the amount of the income tax on any sum, the amount of the tax shall be calculated at the reduced rate.

(3) All the provisions of the Income Tax Acts which relate to claims for exemption, relief, or abatement, or the proof to be given with respect to those claims, shall apply to claims for relief under this section and the proof to be given with respect to those claims.

(4) An individual shall not be entitled to relief under this section in respect of any income the tax on which he is entitled to charge against any other person, or to deduct, retain, or satisfy out of any payment which he is liable to make to any other person.

58

4 & 5 Geo. 6,

c. 10.

Additional income tax on securities which the Treasury are willing to purchase.

Ch. 24. Finance A, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(5) Section six of the Finance Act, 1914, shall cease to have effect.

27. — (1) In addition to any other income tax or super-tax charged under this or any other Act, there shall, subject to the provisions of this section, he charged, levied, and paid for the year beginning on the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixteen, in respect of any part of the income of any person to which this section applies an additional duty of income tax at the rate of two shillings for every pound of that part of the income.

The income to which this section applies is the income derived from securities which are for the time being included in the Treasury special list as defined by this section, while those securities are so included; and the income shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to be derived at the time when the interest or dividends payable in respect of the securities become payable.

(2) The additional duty under this section shall not be charged on any income derived before the twenty-ninth day of July, nineteen hundred and sixteen.

(3) A person shall be entitled to relief from the additional duty imposed by this section —

(a) in respect of income derived between the date of the publication of the Treasury special list and a date twenty-eight days thereafter if the securities are during that period offered to the Treasury and ultimately become at the absolute disposal of the Treasury; and

(6) in respect of income derived from any securities included

in the Treasury special list after the securities have been placed at the absolute disposal of the Treasury; and

(c) in respect of income derived from any such securities

after a person has placed the securities conditionally at the disposal of the Treasury, if the securities ultimately become at the absolute disposal of the Treasury without unreasonable delay on the part of that person; and

(d) in respect of income derived from any such securities

whether they ultimately become at the absolute disposal of the Treasury or not, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Treasury that any delay in placing or failure to place those securities at the disposal of the Treasury has arisen from circumstances beyond the control of the holders of the securities; and

(e) in respect of income derived from any such securities

held, in any country outside the United Kingdom, by persons who are not domiciled in the United Kingdom, or by trustees who are prevented by the laws of such other country or by the terms of their

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

59

trust from placing the securities at the disposal of the Treasury, and are not entitled to the benefit of any indemnity conferred by Act of Parliament in respect of the contravention of those terms, if the securities were so held before the twenty-ninth day of May nineteen hundred and sixteen; or where such securities are under the jurisdiction of a court in such other country and it would be contrary to the laws of such other country to place such securities at the disposal of the Treasury; and

(f) in respect of income derived from any such securities which are deposited with persons outside the United Kingdom as a security for a loan from those persons, or have otherwise been made security for a loan from persons outside the United Kingdom, if they were so deposited or made security before the twenty-ninth day of May nineteen hundred and sixteen, or after that date with the approval of the Treasury, and if the Treasury are satisfied that the securities cannot be released without impairing the security for the loan; and

(g) in respect of income derived from any such securities which are proved to the Special Commissioners to be held by any company or persons concerned in trade or business in any country outside the United Kingdom as a condition (imposed in that country) of carrying on that trade or business.

The provisions of this subsection shall apply to an offer of securities for deposit in the same manner as they apply to an offer of securities for sale, and securities when accepted for deposit shall, while so deposited, for the purposes of this subsection, be deemed to be at the absolute disposal of the Treasury.

(4) The power under the Income Tax Acts, to require a

person to make returns for the purposes of those Acts, shall include power to require him to make such returns as appear to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to be necessary for the purpose of ascertaining whether any of the income of that person (whether or not income tax thereon is chargeable by deduction) is income to which this section applies, including such particulars as to that income as the Commissioners may require, and those Acts, including the provisions imposing penalties, shall apply accordingly. 1

(5) Where any income to which this section applies is derived from securities which are held on trust by more than one trustee the securities may be placed at the disposal of the Treasury if, where there are two trustees, one trustee and the persons entitled to the income of the securities, and, where there are more than two trustees, one-half or more of the number of the trustees and the persons entitled to the income of the securities, are willing

E

60

Ch. 24.

Finance A, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Continuation of relief under fi Geo. 5. c. 7. s. 13.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 62.

that the securities should be so placed at the disposal of the Treasury; and any action taken by such trustees or beneficiaries for the purpose of placing any such securities at the disposal of the Treasury shall, notwithstanding anything in the terms of the trust or any rule of law to the contrary, be as valid and effectual in all respects as though all the trustees had consented thereto and had joined therein.

(6) A person shall not be entitled to any exemption, abatement, or relief under the Income Tax Acts (other than relief depending solely on residence or domicile) in respect of the additional income tax imposed by this section, but in all other respects the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to persons who are to be chargeable with duty, assessments, and appeals against those assessments, and to the collection and recovery of duty, and to cases to be stated for the opinion of the High Court shall, so far as they are applicable, apply to the charge, assessment, collection, and recovery of duty under this section:

Provided that the Treasury may give directions that the additional duty imposed by this section shall, instead of being charged by deduction, be charged up to the same amount by direct assessment for the period, and in the cases mentioned in those directions, and where any such directions are given, the Income Tax Acts shall have effect accordingly.

(7) In this section —

The expression "securities " includes stocks, shares, and other securities; and The expression "the Treasury special list" means any list published by the Treasury in the Gazette, and for the time being in force, of securities which the Treasury are willing to purchase in connection with any arrangements for the regulation and maintenance of the foreign exchanges.

28. — (1) Section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1914 (Session 2) (which gives relief in respect of diminution of income due to war), shall apply to income tax (including super-tax) for the current income-tax year, but with the substitution, as regards postponed super-tax, of the first day of January nineteen hundred and eighteen for the first day of January nineteen hundred and sixteen as the date on which the postponed super-tax is to become payable.

(2) Any payment of super-tax for the year beginning the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and fifteen or for the year beginning the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and fourteen which has been postponed under section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1914 (Session 2), as continued by section twenty of the Finance Act, 1915, or which has been postponed and further postponed under those sections, may be further postponed until the first day of January nineteen hundred and eighteen, if the

191

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

61

individual from whom the payment is due proves to the satisfaction of the Special Commissioners that his actual income from all sources for the current income tax year is or will be less than two-thirds of the income on which he was liable to be charged to super-tax for the year beginning the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and fifteen as respects payment of super-tax for that year, and for the year beginning the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and fourteen as respects payment of super-tax for that year.

29. If any individual who has been assessed or charged to Relief where income tax for the current income tax year claims and proves,

in manner provided by the Income Tax Acts, that his actual assessed inincome from all sources for the year of assessment is less by come* more than ten per cent, than the income on which he has been so assessed and charged, he shall be entitled to repayment of such part of any income tax paid by him, either by way of deduction or otherwise, as is equal to the difference between the amount of the tax so paid and the amount which would have been so paid if he had been assessed or charged on his actual income for the year of assessment.

30. — (1) Where any person who, during the current income Right of tax year, has served or is serving as a member of any of the ^uoSTto^ naval or military forces of the Crown, or in service of a naval miuSd

or military character in connection with the present war for j>f income tax which payment is made out of money provided by Parliament, the^pay! ° or in any work abroad of the British Red Cross Society or the St. John Ambulance Association, or any other body with similar objects, proves that he is assessed or charged to income tax, or has paid income tax either by way of deduction of otherwise* on his pay in connection with any such service, he shall be entitled to claim such relief from income tax as will reduce the* amount of income tax on that pay to the amount which would! have been payable if the tax were charged on that pay at the rate of —

9 d.if his total income from all sources does not exceed three hundred pounds;

1*. 3d. if his total income exceeds three hundred pounds and does not exceed five hundred pounds;

Is. 9 d.if his total income exceeds five hundred pounds and does not exceed one thousand pounds;

2s. 3d. if his total income exceeds one thousand pounds and does not exceed one thousand five hundred pounds;

2s. 9d. if his total income exceeds one thousand five hundred pounds and does not exceed two thousand pounds;

3s. 3d. if his total income exceeds two thousand pounds and does not exceed two thousand five hundred pounds;

3s. 6d. if his total income exceeds two thousand five hundred pounds.

62

Ch. 24.

Finance Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5

(2) The relief given under this section shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any exemption or other relief or abatement under the Income Tax Acts, and in cases where the total income does not exceed three hundred pounds shall not be subject to the reduction of exemption and abatements for which provision is made under the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915; but relief in respect of earned income shall be given in respect of the pay by reference to the rates under this section; and in calculating any earned income on which relief is to be given, any deductions from earned income made under subsection (2) of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1907, shall be made primarily from the pay.

(3) All the provisions of the Income Tax Acts which relate to claims for exemption or relief, or the proof to be given with respect to those claims, shall apply to claims for relief under this section and the proof to be given with respect to those claims.

Provision as ' 31. — (1) For the purpose of any relief under the Income thenav^o? Tax Acts given, whether before or after the passing of this Act, army. to persons serving as members of the naval or military forces of

the Crown a person shall not be deemed to have served as a member of the naval or military forces of the Crown unless he has served —

(a) on the active list of the navy; or

(b) in the army, either with the colours, or as an officer on

full pay or at a rate of pay which appears to the Income Tax Commissioners concerned, after consultation with the Army Council, to be equivalent to full pay, and either out of the British Islands or for at least one month continuously in the British Islands.

(2) For the purpose of the relief given to persons serving in certain capacities under the second paragraph of subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1914 (Session 2), or section twenty-five of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, relief shall not be given unless there has been some such service during the year in respect of which the relief is claimed.

Reduction of 32. — (1) Where owing to the fact that the total income of

when m^in any person exceeds a certain limit-

above a certain (a) he is liable to pay income tax or super-tax at a higher

limit ia small. rate; or

(b) he ceases to be entitled to any exemption or abatement;

or

(c) he becomes entitled to a reduced exemption or abatement, the amount of income tax or super-tax payable by that person shall, where necessary, be reduced so as not to exceed the sum of the following amounts:—

(i) the amount which would have been payable if his

income had reached, but had not exceeded that limit; and

(ii) the amount by which his total income exceeds that limit.

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

63

(2) Where income tax is charged at different rates on different parts of the 1 total income, the deduction from total income required in calculating the maximum duty payable under this section for the purpose of bringing the total income down to the limit shall be made from that part of the total income which is taxed at the lowest rate.

(3) All the provisions of the Income Tax Acts which relate to claims for exemption or abatement, or the proof to be given with respect to those claims, shall apply to claims for relief under this section and the proof to be given with respect to those claims.

33. Section sixty-eight of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910 (which gives to individuals whose total income does not exceed five hundred pounds relief from income tax in respect of children), shall, as amended by any subsequent Act, have effect as if seven hundred pounds were substituted, as the limit of income, for five hundred pounds.

34. It is hereby declared that paragraph () of subsection (1) of section twenty of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, does not affect the operation of section thirty-seven of that Act as respects the application of amendments made by that Act for the current income tax year, and that that paragraph is accordingly to be construed as if the words "if this section had not passed " were substituted for the words "if this Act had not passed."

35. If the Commissioners of Inland Revenue make arrangements for the collection of income tax by means of stamps in any cases, they may prepare and issue any stamps required for the purpose, and die provisions (including penal provisions) of the Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891, as amended by any subsequent Act, and section sixty-five of the Post Office Act, 1908, shall apply to any such stamps. 36 *

36. — (1) The relief given under section fifty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1853, as amended by any subsequent enactment, shall not, as regards insurances or contracts for deferred annuities made after the twenty-second day of June nineteen hundred and sixteen, be given at a greater rate than that of three shillings in the pound; and shall not, as regards any insurance or contract for a deferred annuity, be given, notwithstanding anything in paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section sixty-six of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, for the purposes of super-tax.

(2) The said relief shall not, as regards insurances or contracts for deferred annuities made after the twenty-second day of June nineteen hundred and sixteen —

(a) be given except in respect of premiums or other payments payable on policies for securing a capital Bum on death, whether in conjunction with any other benefit or not; or

Extension of relief in

Declaration as to the effect of section 20 (1)() of 5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 89.

Collection of tax by means of stamps in certain cases.| 54 & 65 Vict,

c. 38.

8 Edw. 7. c. 48.

Limitation of relief from income tax in respect of insurance premiums.

Ch. 24.

Finance A, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Income tax relief on war insurance premiums.

Amendments

•of law with respect to income tax •on woodlands.

53 & 64 Vict. «. 8.

(b) be given in respect of premiums or payments payable during the period of deferment in respect of a policy of deferred assurance:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect premiums or payments payable on policies or contracts made in connection with any superannuation or bona fide pension scheme for the benefit of the employees of any employer or of persons engaged in any particular profession, vocation, trade, or business, or on any policy taken out by a teacher in a secondary school pending the establishment of a superannuation or pension scheme for those teachers.

37. — (1) Section fifty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1853, as amended by any subsequent enactment, shall apply to all war insurance premiums, whether payable annually or not

(2) War insurance premiums shall not be taken into account in calculating the limit of one-sixth of the profits and gains under the proviso to the said section fifty-four or the limits of seven per cent, or one hundred pounds under subsection (1) of section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1915.

(3) In this section the expression "war insurance premium" means any additional premium or other sum paid in order to extend an existing life insurance policy to risks arising from war or war service abroad, and any part of any premium or other sum paid in respect of a life insurance policy covering those risks, or either of them, which appears to the Commissioners to whom the claim for relief is made to be attributable to those risks, or either of them. 38 *

38. — (1) Any person occupying woodlands who proves to the satisfaction of the Special Commissioners that those wood-

lands are managed by him on a commercial basis, and with a view to the realisation of profits, shall have the same right under subsection (4) of section twenty-two of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, to elect to be charged under Schedule D as a person who proves those facts to the satisfaction of the General Commissioners, but an application to prove those facts in any year in respect of the same woodlands must be made either to the General or Special Commissioners, and not to both.

(2) Paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of section twenty-two of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915 (which provides that the election shall extend to all woodlands managed on the same estate), shall not apply to woodlands which are planted or replanted after the passing of this Act, if the person occupying those woodlands gives notice to the General or Special Commissioners within a year after the time when they are so planted or replanted that they are to be treated for the purpose of that paragraph as being woodlands on a separate estate.

(3) Section twenty-three of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1890 (which gives relief to trading persons in case of loss), shall, where a person occupying woodlands has elected to be charged to income tax in respect of those woodlands under

65

1916. Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

Schedule D, apply to losses on those woodlands as it applies to losses in any trade.

30. — (1) Where in calculating for the purposes of Part II. of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, the profits of a controlled establishment a deduction has been allowed under that Part of that Act or rules made thereunder in respect of exceptional depreciation or obsolescence of buildings, plant, or machinery, and the sums so deducted have not been deducted or allowed in computing the amount upon which income tax has been paid in respect of those profits, there shall be allowed a repayment of income tax equal to the amount of the income tax at the rate at which that tax has been paid on the amount of the sums so deducted:

Provided that the repayment of income tax under this section —

(a) shall be made in respect of the income tax year which

includes the end of the period of assessment in respect of which the said deductions have been allowed under the Munitions of War Act, 1915; and

(b) shall be deemed to have effected a reduction of the

income tax assessment by the amount upon which income tax has been so repaid.

(2) Any application for relief under this section shall be made to the Commissioners by whom the income tax assessment has been made, and those Commissioners upon proof of the facts to their satisfaction shall certify to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue the sum repayable, and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall cause repayment to be made accordingly.

40. Section ninety-five of the Income Tax Act, 1842 (which relates to the manner of charging small dividends), shall apply to cases where the half-yearly payment on the annuity, dividend, or shares, amounts to fifty shillings and not more, as it applies to cases where that payment does not amount to fifty shillings.

41. Section three of the War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act, 1915 (which relates to income tax on stock inscribed in the Post Office register), shall apply as though references to interest on that stock included references to dividends on Exchequer bonds issued through, and left in the custody of, the Poslr Office:

Provided that the said section as amended by this section shall not apply in any case where the total amount of stock and bonds held by any one person exceeds the nominal amount of two hundred pounds. 42

42. The accumulated interest payable in respect of any war savings certificate issued by the Treasury through the Post Office under which the purchaser, by virtue of an immediate payment of fifteen shillings and sixpence, becomes entitled after

Repayment of income tax on gams deducted from profits under Munitions of War Act, 1916.

6 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 54.

Charging of income tax on dividends, &c. amounting to fifty shillings exactly.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 35.

Income tax on dividends on Exchequer bonds issued through the Post Office.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 93.

Exemption of interest under war savings certificates from income tax.

66

Ch. 24.

Finance A, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Relief in respect of Colonial income tax.

Provision as to Government securities issued free of tax.

five years to receive the sum of one pound, shall not be liable to income tax so long as the amount of the certificates held by the purchaser does not exceed the amount which an individual is for the time being authorised to hold under regulations made by the Treasury.

43. If any person who has paid, by deduction or otherwise, United Kingdom income tax for the current income tax year on any part of his income at a rate exceeding three shillings and sixpence proves to the satisfaction of the Special Commissioners that he has also paid any Colonial income tax in respect of the same part of his income, he shall be entitled to repayment of a part of the United Kingdom income tax paid by him equal to the difference between the amount so paid and the amount he would have paid if the tax had been charged at the rate of three shillings and sixpence, or, if that difference exceeds the amount of tax on that part of his income at the rate of the Colonial income tax, equal to that amount.

In this section the expression "United Kingdom income tax" means income tax charged under the Income Tax Acts; and the expression "Colonial income tax" means income tax charged under any law in force in any British possession or any tax so charged which appears to the Special Commissioners to correspond to United Kingdom income tax.

44. — (1) Section forty-seven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915 (which confers power on the Treasury to issue securities free of taxation in certain cases), shall, so far as income tax (including super tax) is concerned, have effect as though the reference to persons not domiciled in the United Kingdom were omitted therefrom.

(2) Where securities issued under section forty-seven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, for the time being form paH of the investments of the foreign life assurance fund of an assurance company, the income arising from those securities if applied for the purposes of that fund or reinvested so as to form part of that fund, shall not be liable to income tax.

(3) Where the Special Commissioners are satisfied that any income arising abroad from the investments of the foreign life assurance fund of an assurance company has been remitted to the United Kingdom and invested, as part of the investments of that fund, in any securities issued under section forty-seven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, that income shall not be liable to income tax, and any income tax paid thereon shall, if necessary, be repaid to the company.

(4) In this section the expressions "assurance company " and " foreign life assurance fund " have the same meaning as in the Finance Act, 1915.

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

67

Part IIL

Excess Profits Duty.

46. — (1) The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915 (in this Part of this Act referred to as the principal Act), shall, so far as it relates to excess profits duty, apply, unless Parliament otherwise determines, to any accounting period ending on or after the first day of July nineteen hundred and fifteen and before the first day of August nineteen hundred and seventeen, as it applies to accounting periods ended after the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and fourteen and before the said first day of July.

(2) Section thirty-eight of the principal Act shall, as respects excess profits arising in any accounting period beginning after the expiration of a year from the commencement of the first accounting period, have effect as if sixty per cent, of the excess were substituted as the rate of duty for fifty per cent, of the excess.

Where part of an accounting period is after and part before the date of the expiration of a year from the commencement of the first accounting period, the total excess profits and any deficiencies or losses arising in the accounting period shall be apportioned between the time up to and including, and the time after, that date in proportion to the length of those times respectively, and the rate attributable to the time after and the time before and including that date shall respectively be sixty and fifty per cent, of the excess.

In the case of trades or businesses commencing after the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and fourteen, the rate of duty shall be sixty per cent, of the excess in respect of any accounting period ending after the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and fifteen.

In calculating any repayment or set off under subsection (3) of section thirty-eight of the principal Act any amount to be repaid or set off on account of a deficiency or loss arising in any period in respect of which duty would be payable at the rate of fifty per cent, of the excess, shall be calculated by reference to that rate of duty.

Any additional duty payable by virtue of this section in respect of a past accounting period may be assessed and recovered notwithstanding that duty has already been assessed in respect of that period.

(3) It shall be the duty of every person chargeable to excess profits duty under Part IN. of the principal Act, as extended by this Act, if he has not previously given notice of his liability to be charged with excess profits duty in respect of any accounting period, to give notice to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue before the expiration of two months after the termination of any accounting period in respect of which he is chargeable, or, if the accounting period terminated before the passing of this Act, within one month after the passing of this Act.

Continuance and increase of rate of excess profits duty.

68

Ch. 24.

Finance A, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Increase of rate! of excess mineral rights duty.

Computation of excess profits duty in case of sale of ships.

If any person fails to give the notice required by this provision he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and to a further fine not exceeding ten pounds a day for every day during which the offence continues after conviction therefor.

46. — (1) Section forty-three of the principal Act (which relates to excess mineral rights duty) shall have effect as if sixty per cent, of the excess were substituted as the rate of duty for fifty per cent, of the excess, in the case of minerals which have become subject to a mining lease after the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and fourteen for all accounting years, and in the case of other minerals for any accounting year ending after the completion of the first accounting year, and any additional duty may be recovered accordingly.

(2) It is hereby declared that the words in subsection (1) of section forty-three of the principal Act " assets of any trade or business " refer only to assets of the trade or business of the person receiving the rent for the right to work the minerals or for the mineral wayleavee.

47. Where any ship has been sold since the fourth day of August nineteen hundred and fourteen, in such circumstances that the profits of the sale are not the profits of a trade or business, the following special provisions shall, if the Commissioners of Inland Revenue so require, be applied in the computation of the liability to excess profits duty in respect of the profits arising from the use of the ship: —

(a) The pre-war standard of profits of the purchaser as

respects the 6hip shall, where the standard of the trade or business of the vendor is a profits standard, be calculated by reference to the profits arising from the use of the ship during the pre-war trade years, and shall be ascertained in accordance with the provisions of the principal Act, but calculated, where necessary, as if the use of the ship were a separate business; and where that standard is a percentage standard the pre-war standard of profits as respects the ship shall be the same as if the ship had not been sold, or, in the case of a ship which was used for the first time after the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and fourteen, shall be calculated by reference to the capital represented by the ship at the date when it was first used; and the pre-war standard of profits of the trade or business of the vendor and of the purchaser shall respectively be reduced and increased as the case may require, with any adjustments which may be necessary to meet the case of borrowed money or unpaid purchase money or other similar matters:

(b) For the purpose of estimating separately the profits

arising from the use of the ship, an apportionment

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

69

shall, where necessary, be made of the total profits of the trade or business in which the ship has been used, regard being had to the earnings of the ship as compared with the earnings of the other assets employed in the trade or business:

Any appeal under subsection (5) of section forty-five of flie principal Act, so far as it involves any question of an apportionment under this provision, shall be to the Special Commissioners:

(c) The power to require returns under subsection (1) of

section forty-four of the principal Act shall include power for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to require any vendor of the ship to give such information to them and to the purchaser as the Commissioners think necessary in order to enable the provisions of this section to be carried into effect:

(d) Nothing in subsection (3) of section forty of the prin-

cipal Act or in paragraph 3 of Part I. of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act shall operate so as to enable the purchaser of the ship to obtain any greater relief than could have been obtained by the vendor if the ship had not been sold, other than relief in connection with expenditure by the purchaser on improvements or repairs:

(e) In the application of section forty-one of the principal

Act to any trade or business whose pre-war standard of profits has been determined or adjusted under this section any increase or decrease of capital attributable to the purchase or sale of the ship shall be disregarded, and where any such determination or adjustment has taken place both in respect of the sale of a ship and the purchase of another ship for the same trade or business, paragraph 6 of Part II. of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act shall not apply.

48. — (1) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may treat any sums actually paid in respect of munitions Exchequer payments, which appear to the Commissioners to be attributable to the same period and subject matter as that for which excess profits duty is to be paid, as a payment on account of excess profits duty, or, if the amount of the munitions Exchequer payments is larger than the amount payable as excess profits duty, as extinguishing the duty for the purposes of collection; and may arrange with the Minister of Munitions, if in any case excess profits duty is paid before the munitions Exchequer payment, for the deduction of excess profits duty payments from any sums to be collected in respect of munitions Exchequer payments which appear to the Commissioners to be attributable to the same period and subject matter as that for which the excess profits duty payments have been made, or, if the amount of the excess profits duty payments is greater than the amount

Adjustment of excess profits duty and munitions Exchequer payments in case of controlled establishments.

70

Ch. 24.

Finance Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Provisions as to directors* fees.

Further pro* vision as to profits applied in extinction of previous losses.

to be collected on account of munitions Exchequer payments, for the extinction of the amount to be so collected.

For the purpose of determining the period to which any profits are to be attributed under this section, profits shall be deemed to accrue from day to day at a uniform rate.

(2) Any excess profits duty and any munitions Exchequer payments which are remitted under this section for the purpose of collection shall not be deemed to have been paid for the purposes of section thirty-five of the principal Act (which relates to computation of profits and gains in relation to excess profits duty) as extended by this Act.

(3) Deductions shall not be allowed on account of munitions Exchequer payments in computing profits for the purpose of excess profits duty.

49. — (1) Where the pre-war standard of profits is taken to be the percentage standard or is calculated by reference to the statutory percentage in the case of any trade or business owned or carried on by a company or other body corporate whose directors have a controlling interest, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may, if they think fit, as respects any accounting period, including a past accounting period, for the purpose of the provisions relating to the statutory percentage and for the purpose of the determination and computation of profits under Part I. of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act, treat the company or body corporate as if it were a firm and not a company or body corporate and the directors or any of them as if they were partners in the firm.

(2) If as respects any accounting period ending on or after the first day of July nineteen hundred and fifteen, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue refuse to allow a deduction in respect of any increase in the remuneration of directors of any trade or business, and the taxpayer is required to pay excess profits duty in respect of the disallowed deduction, the taxpayer shall be entitled to recover from any such director the amount which the taxpayer has paid by way of excess profits duty in respect of the increase; but any amount so recovered shall, unless the Commissioners otherwise direct, be treated as excess profits duty paid by the director from whom it is recovered and not as excess profits duty paid by the taxpayer.

(3) In this section, the expression "directors " includes any managers or persons concerned in the management of the trade or business who are remunerated out of the funds of the trade or business. 50

50. Paragraph 7 of Part I. of the Fourth Schedule of the principal Act (which allows deductions to be made in respect of profits applied in extinction of losses) shall apply to a case where the capital account of any trade or business shows a debit balance as it applies to a case where the percentage standard is adopted as the pre-war standard of profits.

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

71

51. It is hereby declared that, for the purpose of sub- Provision as to section (2) of section thirty-eight of the principal Act, any ^>"fcmg period for which the books of a trade or business have been

actually made up for any interim or other purpose in such a manner that the profits for that period can be readily ascertained is (without prejudice to the powers of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue under that provision) to be taken as an accounting period, notwithstanding that under the articles of association of the company carrying on the trade or business or under any other regulations affecting the carrying on of the trade or business the accounts are also required to be made up for some other period, and notwithstanding that such accounts are not issued.

52. It is hereby declared that, for the purpose of excess Provision as to profits duty, profits of any trade or business arising and accu- ^ulating mulating during any accounting period are not, during that

period, to be treated as accumulated profits within the meaning of Part III. of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act, or as capital employed in the trade or business.

53. Section thirty-five of the principal Act (which relates to Application of the computation of profits and gains for the purpose of income SJiJnce tax in relation to excess profits duty) shall apply to sums actually (No. 8) Act, paid in respect of munitions Exchequer payments as it applies jxni' to excess profits duty, except that the relief to the taxpayer qSpayments, under subsection (2) of that section shall in all cases be given by

means of repayment and not by deduction.

54. Any person may deposit with the Commissioners of Deposit of Inland Revenue any sums for the purpose of satisfying any ^ent oTexcess excess profits duty which may thereafter become payable by profits duty, him; and sums so deposited shall be applied in payment of any

such duty as and when it becomes payable.

In calculating the amount to be so applied in payment of duty interest shall be allowed at such rate as may for the time being be determined by the Treasury.

55. Subsection (3) of section forty of the principal Act Amendment of (which provides amongst other things for the reference of ^he^rin-'^ certain matters for the decision of a board of referees) shall, cipai Act. where the application for such a reference is made in respect of

a trade or business carried on in a controlled establishment within the meaning of Part II. of the Munitions of War Act,

1915, and relates to an accounting period during any part of which the establishment has been so controlled, and to the postponement or suspension of renewals or repairs, or to exceptional depreciation or obsolescence of assets, or to the necessity in connexion with the present war of providing plant, have effect as though a referee or board of referees appointed or designated by the Minister of Munitions for the purpose were substituted for the board of referees under the principal Act.

72

Ch. 24.

Finance A, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Exemption from excess profits duty of businesses carried on under the court.

Definition.

56. In the case of any trade or business which by reason of its being unable to pay its debenture holders or creditors is being carried on by a liquidator, receiver, or trustee under the court, no excess profits duty shall be levied or paid until provision has been made for payment of such unpaid debenture holders or creditors.

57. In this Part of this Act the expression "munitions " Exchequer payments" means any sums paid into the Exchequer under section four of the Munitions of War Act, 1915, on account of the excess of the net profits of a controlled establishment.

Limited power to borrow on Exchequer bonds for Ways and Means purposes.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.

c. 65.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

c. 60.

Suspension of new sinking fund.

50 A51 Vict. c. 16.

Arrangements for exchange of securities issued under War Loan Acts.

Power to transfer Exchequer bonds in satisfaction of death duties.

Part’ IV.

National Debt and Loans.

58. — (1) The Treasury may during the continuance of the present war and a period of six months thereafter borrow for the purpose of raising any sums which they are authorised to issue out of the consolidated fund under any Consolidated Fund Act or Appropriation Act or for the purpose of paying off any securities issued under any such Act in the same manner as they are authorised to borrow under subsection (1) of section one of the War Loan Act, 1915:

Provided that any securities issued under this section shall be* repaid or redeemed not later than five years after the date on which they are issued.

(2) Subsections (2) and (3) of section one of the War Loan Act, 1914, and subsection (2) and (3) of section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1914 (Session 2), shall apply to any sums borrowed under this section.

59. In the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and seventeen, that portion of the permanent annual charge for the national debt which is not required for the annual charges directed by the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, or any other Act, to be paid out of that charge, shall not be paid.

60. During the continuance of the present war and a period of six months thereafter, the Treasury may, for the purpose of carrying out any arrangement made by them for the exchange of securities issued under any War Loan Act passed during the continuance of the war, provide for the issue of new securities for the purpose of the exchange and for the cancellation of the securities received in exchange.

61. — (1) Any person from whom any sum is due on account of any death duty may pay that sum or any part thereof by means of the transfer in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue of an equal amount of any Exchequer bonds forming part of an issue whick may be approved by the Treasury for the purpose, and any

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

73

Exchequer bonds so transferred shall be accepted by the Commissioners in satisfaction of the amount.

(2) Any Exchequer bonds so transferred shall be deemed to mature for payment on the date of the transfer, and the principal and interest of the bond when received by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall be brought into account as death duty revenue in such manner as the Treasury direct.

(3) Exchequer bonds shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to be of the amount of their nominal value with the addition of any interest accrued due but remaining unpaid.

62. Section four of the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, Repeal of 1866 (which relates to the counterfoils of Exchequer Bills), shall

cease to have effect.

63. Any securities issued in the United States of America Exemption by a municipal corporation, county council, or other local ^°"u^ft^01n authority in the United Kingdom for the purpose of raising any Lcuriti2Pa money which they are authorised to borrow, if issued under the issued in authority of the Treasury, shall not be liable to any taxation Amenca* present or future, except where they are held by persons domiciled

in the United Kingdom or by British subjects ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom.

The expression "local authority" in this section includes the Metropolitan Water Board and any other public body which is recognised as a local authority for the purposes of this section by the Local Government Board.

64. The Treasury may direct that any Exchequer bonds Payment of issued under their authority during the continuance of the present

war and a period of six months thereafter shall be issued or shall bonds in be deemed to have been issued subject to the condition that the interest on those bonds shall be paid without deduction of income auction of tax, and the interest shall be so paid accordingly; but any such taoome tax. interest shall be accounted for and charged to income tax under the third case of Schedule D, subject, however, to any provisions of the Income Tax Acts with respect to exemptions or abatements.

65. Where the Bank of England are satisfied that any Lost or Exchequer bond, or any other bond to bearer issued by them E^b^u^r on behalf of the Treasury, or any coupon of any such bond has bonds?1, been lost or destroyed, they may, if they think fit, and on such conditions as they think fit, but subject to any general directions

of the Treasury, issue a new bond or coupon on receiving indemnity to their satisfaction against the claims of all persons deriving title under the bond or coupon lost or destroyed.

In the application of this section to bonds issued through the Post Office the Postmaster-General shall be substituted for the Bank of England.

66. Any order or decree of any court in the United Kingdom Transfer of whereby the right to transfer or call for a transfer of any Govern- of order of ment stock or to receive any dividends thereon is expressed to a court.

74

Ch. 24.

Finance Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

62 & 53 Vict. c. 39.

56 & 67 Vict. c. 69.

Indemnity on transfer of Government stock.

Extension of section 2 of Government War Obligations Act, 1916. 5 ft 6 Geo. 6. c. 96.

be vested in any person shall be sufficient authority to the Banks of England and Ireland, to the National Debt Commissioners, to the Postmaster-General, and to any savings bank authority to allow the transfer of the stock or to pay the dividends in accordance with the order or decree.

An official extract of any such appointment as is mentioned in section thirteen of the Judicial Factors (Scotland) Act, 1889, shall, where any Government stock is specified in such official extract or in a certificate under seal by the accountant of court produced along with such extract as belonging to or forming part of the estate under the charge of the person named in the extract, be deemed for the purposes of this section to be a decree whereby the right to transfer such Government stock is vested in the person so named.

In this section the expression "Government stock" has the same meaning as in the Savings Bank Act, 1893, as amended by any subsequent enactment.

67. Where any Government stock is transferred by virtue of section forty-eight of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, on the authority of any probate, confirmation, or letters of administration, or by virtue of this Act on the authority of any order or decree of any court, the Bank of England or Ireland, the National Debt Commissioners, the Postmaster-General, or the savings bank authority, as the case may be, shall be indemnified and protected, notwithstanding any defect or circumstance whatsoever affecting the validity of such probate, confirmation, or letters of administration, or of such order or decree. 68

68. — (1) Subsection (1) of section two of the Government War Obligations Act, 1915, shall apply, and shall be deemed always to have applied, to the sale of securities to the Treasury and to securities sold to the Treasury in the same manner as it applies to the giving of securities to the Treasury in exchange for Government securities and to securities so given in exchange.

(2) The authority and indemnity given to persons holding securities under subsection (1) of section two of the Government War Obligations Act, 1915, shall apply, and shall be deemed always to have applied, to directors of a company, and to any person holding securities on behalf of any corporation or body of persons depositing securities or giving them in exchange, or selling securities, in pursuance of that subsection as amended by this Act, notwithstanding any want of authority from the company, corporation, or body of persons.

(3) It is hereby declared that subsection (4) of section two of the Government War Obligations Act, 1915 (which removes certain disqualifications attaching to Members of Parliament in connexion with the deposit, exchange, and sale of securities under a Treasury securities deposit scheme), applies to any transactions in connexion with any such deposit, exchange, or sale as it applies to the deposit, exchange, or sale.

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

75

Part V.

General.

69. — (1) Part I. of tills Act, so far as it relates to duties of Construction, Customs, shall be construed together with the Customs Con- gj^ utie1 solidation Act, 1876, and any enactments amending that Act, and so far as it relates to duties of Excise shall be construed together with the Acts which relate to the duties of Excise amd the management, of those duties.

Part II. of this Act shall be construed together with the Income Tax Acts, 1842 to 1853, and any other enactments relating to income tax, and those enactments and Part II. of this Act are in this Act referred to as the Income Tax Acts.

Part III. of this Act shall be construed together with Part IIL of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915.

(2) The Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule of this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1916.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

SUGAR, &c. Part I. — Duties.

Article.

Sugar which, when tested by the polariscope, indicates a polarisation exceeding ninety-eight degrees ---- the cwt.

Sugar of a polarisation not exceeding seventy-six degrees ...... the cwt.

Sugar of a polarisation — Exceeding 76 and not e:

77

, 78

78

79

i.

Customs 1 Duty. Excise Duty.

£ s. d. 1 £ 8. d. 1

0 14 0 0 11 8

0 6 9 0 5 7

i 0 6 11'3 0 5 9-4

0 7 2-0 0 5 11-6

0 7 4-7 0 6 1-9

Sections6.

F

70

Ch. 24,

Finance A, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Sections 6, 6.

Article.

Customs | Excise

Duty. I Duty. '

Sugar of a polarisation —

Exceeding 79 and not exceeding 80

•» 80 81

81 99 82

99 82 99 83

»» 83 9. 84

99 84 99 85

99 85 99 86

» 86 9* 87

99 87 f 88

99 88 99 89

99 89 99 90

99 90 99 91

99 91 99 92

-99 92 e " 93

M 93 99 94

9 y 94 ft 95

99 95 99 96

99 96 99 97

9t 97 99 98

£ 9. d. 9. d.

the cwt. 0 7 7 3 ' 0 6 41

99 0 7 100 0 6 6*4

99 0 8 0-7 0 6 8*6

, 1 0 8 3-4 0 6 10*8

" I 0 8 6*4 0 7 1*4

99 0 8 9-5 ! o 7 3*9

99 0 9 0*5 0 7 6*4

99 0 9 3*5 o 7 8*9

99 0 9 6-9 1 0 7 11*7

99 0 9 10*2 1 1 0 8 2*5

99 0 10 2*3 0 8 5*9

99 0 10 6-3 0 8 9*2

99 0 10 10*3 0 9 0*6

99 0 11 T2-4 0 9 4*0

99 0 11 6-4; 0 9 7*3

99 0 11 10*4 0 9 10*7

99 0 12 2*4 0 10 2*0

99 0 12 6-5 0 10 5*4

0 12 10-5 0 10 8*8

Molasses (except when cleared for use by a licensed distiller in the manufacture of spirits) and invert sugar and all other sugar and extracts from sugar which cannot be completely tested by the polariscope and on which duty is not specially charged by this section —

If containing 70 per oent. or more of sweeten* ing matter .... the cwt.

If containing less than 70 per cent, and more than 50 per cent, of sweetening matter

the cwt.

i

0 8 10* | 0 7 4| 0 6 4£ ' 0 5 3£

1916.

Finance Act, 1916. Ch. 24.

77

Article. Customs Duty. Excise Duty.

£ t. d. £ «. d.

Molasses — continued. i If containing not more than 50 per cent, of sweetening matter - the cwt. wH CO o 0 2 74

The amount of sweetening matter to be taken to be the total amount of cane, invert, and other sugar contained in the article as determined by analysis in manner directed by the Commissioners of Customs and Excise. ' Glucose: Solid the cwt. j 0 8 104 0 8 104

1 Liquid, 0 6 41 0 6 44

Saccharin (including substances of a like nature j or use) the oz. | — 1 0 4 6 0 4 6

[Note. — The charge under this Schedule of a specified amount of duty on a specified weight of any article includes a charge of a proportionately less duty on any less weight of any article so charged.]

Part II. — Drawbacks and Allowances.

(1) Customs Drawbacks under the Second Schedule of the Finance Act, 1901,

Drawback to he allowed to a refiner on molasses produced in Great Britain or Ireland from imported sugar and delivered by him to a licensed distiller for use in the manufacture of spirits ...... the cwt.

Other drawbacks ......

£ t. d.

o 3 n

According to the amount of duty paid.

(2) Excise Drawbacks.

A. — Under the Third Schedule of the Finance !

Act, 1901 ...... | According to the amount

of duty paid.

I

B. — Drawback to be allowed on molasses pro-

duced in Great Britain or Ireland from, sugar made in Great Britain or Ireland and delivered to a licensed distiller for | use in the manufacture of spirits

the cwt.

£ 8.d.

0 2 7i

• The substituted drawbacks and allowances shall only take effect where it is shown that duty has been paid at the increased rate.

Sections 6, 6.

78

Ch. 24.

Finance A, 1916,

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Sections ft, 6. -

C. — Drawback to be allowed in any other case on articles liable to the Excise duty exported or shipped for nse as stores, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise

that the Excise duty has been duly paid According to the amount

of duty paid.

(3) Allowances* on Molasses used solely fok the Purpose op

Food for Stock.

•. d.

Allowance to a refiner on molasses under sub- 1 section (2) of section one of the Revenue Act,

1903 the cwt. 0 3 1£

Allowance on molasses produced from sugar made in Great Britain or Ireland in circumstances in which an allowance would be allowed under subsection (2) of section one of the Revenue Act, 1903, in respect of molasses produced from imported sugar - - the cwt. 0 2 7£

Section 69.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

29 Sl30 Vict,

c. 25.

The Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866.

Section four; and in section twenty-six, the word "four."

4 &, 5 Geo. 5. j The Finance Act, c. 10. 1 1914.

5 <fc 6 Geo. 5. c. 89.

The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915.

Section six.

Sections two, three, four, five, and six; Subsection (1) of section seven, from as from " to " sixteen " and from " in respect of " to " Act, and "; subsections (2) and (3) of section seven.

1916.

Gas (Standard Calorific

Power) Act, 1916. Ch. 25.

79

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to authorise as respects* gas undertakings the substitution of a standard of calorific power for a standard of illuminating power.

[3rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Where, by virtue of any Act or Order confirmed by Act of Parliament regulating the undertaking of any company, authority, or person authorised to supply gas in any area in the United Kingdom (hereinafter referred to as the undertakers), the gas supplied by the undertakers is required to be of a prescribed illuminating power, and the undertakers are liable to penalties in the case of the illuminating power of the gas provided by them being less than, or being less by a prescribed extent than, such prescribed illuminating power, then on application being made by the undertakers the appropriate Government department may, if they think it expedient, and subject to such conditions, if any, as they consider proper, including such variation as they may think desirable of the prescribed pressure at which the gas is to be supplied, by order —

(a) substitute for the prescribed standard of illuminating

power a prescribed standard of calorific power;

(b) exempt the undertakers from penalties in respect of a

deficiency in illuminating power and substitute for the provisions imposing such penalties provisions imposing penalties in the case of deficiency in calorific power; and

(c) substitute for the provisions as to testing for illuminating

power provisions as to testing for calorific power;

and on the making of such an order the Act or Order regulating the undertaking shall have effect as amended by the order.

(2) In considering the expediency of making such an order the department shall have special regard to whether the undertakers have erected and worked, or are prepared to erect and work, suitable crude benzol recovery plant for the production of benzol and toluol.

(3) Before making an order under this section the appropriate Government department shall require the undertakers to give public notice, in such manner as the department may consider best adapted for informing persons affected, of the application for an order under this section, and of the calorific standard proposed to be adopted, and as to the manner in which and time within which objections may be made, and shall consider any objections which may be duly made, and shall, where they think it expedient to do so, hold an inquiry, and the

Power to substitute standard of calorific power for standard of illuminating power.

80 Ch. 25, 26. Gas (Standard of Calorific 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Power) Act, 1916.

costs (if any) incurred by the department in connection with the inquiry shall be borne by the undertakers.

(4) For the purposes of this section "the appropriate Government department" means —

(o) in cases where the undertakers are a local authority, the Local Government Board, or the Secretary for Scotland, or the Local Government Board for Ireland, as the case may be; and (b) in any other case, the Board of Trade.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Gas (Standard of Calorific

Power) Act, 1916.

Limit on brewer’* output.

Standard

barrelage.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to put temporary restrictions on the Output of Beer.

[3rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) A brewer shall not brew at his brewery or breweries during the first three quarters to which this Act applies more than the aggregate maximum barrelages for those quarters as determined for the purposes of this Act, and shall not brew at his brewery or breweries in any subsequent quarter to which this Act applies more than his maximum barrelage for the quarter as determined for the purposes of this Act.

(2) If a brewer acts in contravention of this provision he shall be liable in respect of each offence to an Excise penalty of one hundred pounds, and, in addition, to an Excise penalty of two pounds for every barrel of beer brewed by him exceeding the maximum barrelage.

(3) This section shall not apply to brewers other than brewers for sale. 2

2. — (1) The maximum barrelage shall be determined by the Commissioners in the case of each brewery and shall be, as respects any quarter, the standard barrelage as defined in this section with the addition as respects any quarter after the first quarter of the surplus barrelage as so defined.

(2) The standard barrelage for the purposes of this section shall be —

(a) in the case of a brewery which was working during the corresponding quarter in the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen, the number of barrels which appear to the Commissioners to have been brewed at the brewery in that quarter; and

1916.

Output of Beer (

Act, 1916. Ch. 26.

81

(6) in the case of a brewery which was not working in the corresponding quarter of that year, the number of barrels which appear to the Commissioners to be reasonable having regard to the average number of barrels brewed at the brewery during the time the brewery has been working; and

(c) in the case of any special brewery where the Commissioners are satisfied that, owing to the transfer of a brewing business or any other change in the circumstances of the brewery taking place after the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and fifteen, the standard barrelage as ascertained under the foregoing provisions does not afford a proper standard of comparison or affords no standard of comparison, such number of barrels as the Commissioners think just having regard to the special circumstances of the case;

reduced in each case by fifteen per cent.:

Provided that if a brewer gives notice to the Commissioners before the first day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen that he desires that the foregoing provisions of this section should be applied to his brewery with the substitution of the year ending the thirtieth day of September nineteen hundred and fourteen for the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen and of thirty per cent, for fifteen per cent., those provisions shall be applied to his brewery with those substitutions, subject to the power of His Majesty by Order in Council to withdraw this privilege as from a subsequent date to be fixed by the Order in Council or to substitute any higher percentages pro rata if, at any time after the expiration of six months from the first day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen, it appears that the rate of the total output of beer in the United Kingdom is not reduced to below a rate of twenty-six million barrels a year.

(3) If any licensed premises shall, after the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and fourteen, have been or be sold, transferred, mortgaged, or leased to any brewer, the brewer shall be entitled thereafter to supply to the licensed premises the same quantity (less fifteen per cent.) of beer as has previously been supplied to those premises, and if the beer has previously been supplied by another brewer the maximum barrelage of that other brewer shall be reduced by the amount of such supply, and the maximum barrelage of the brewer to whom the premises shall be so sold, transferred, mortgaged, or leased, shall be similarly increased. The transfer of a mortgage on any licensed premises shall be deemed to be a transfer of licensed premises within this section.

(4) For the purposes of this section the surplus barrelage shall be, as respects any quarter, the number (if any) of barrels

82

Ch. 26.

Restriction on establishment of new breweries.

Effect of Act

on contracts.

68 & 63 Vict. c. 49.

19 20 Vict. c. 102.

Supply of beer to free licensed houses.

Output of Beer ()6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

by which the aggregate number of barrels brewed during the previous quarters to which the Act applies is less than the aggregate standard barrelage for those quarters.

3. A manufacturer’s licence for a brewer for sale shall not after the date of the passing of this Act be granted while this Act is in operation except to a person holding such a licence and for the same premises as those in respect of which the licence is held or for premises substituted for those premises.

4. Where the provisions of this Act interfere with any contract made by a brewer before the first day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen to sell or supply beer or in connexion with the delivery of beer, that contract shall be modified so as to conform with the provisions of this Act in such manner a6 may be agreed upon between the parties to the contract, or, in default of agreement, determined in England by arbitration, in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1889, in Scotland by a single arbiter to be appointed by the sheriff, and in Ireland in accordance with the Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1856, and for the purposes of that Act, but subject to any agreement of the parties to the contrary, this provision shall have effect in like manner as a submission to arbitration by consent authorising a reference to a single arbitrator and incorporating paragraph (i) of the schedule to the Arbitration Act, 1889.

5. — (1) Any licence-holder, in so far as he is not bound by any covenant, agreement, or undertaking to obtain a supply of beer from any particular brewer, and who has, at any time during the year ended the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen, been supplied with beer by any brewer or brewers, shall be entitled, on giving not less than fourteen days’ notice in writing, to obtain from such brewer or brewers particulars of the number of bulk barrels of each description of beer supplied and also a certificate or certificates stating the total number of standard barrels represented by the beer supplied during each quarter of the year ended the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen or such shorter period as the supply has continued.

. (2) The licence-holder shall, after forwarding any such certificate to the Commissioners, be entitled to obtain, during any corresponding quarter to which this Act applies, the same number of standard barrels (reduced by fifteen per cent.) from any other brewer who may be willing to supply him therewith, and in every such case the maximum barrelage of the brewer ceasing to supply the licence-holder shall be reduced by the amount stated in the certificate (less fifteen per cent.), and that amount shall be transferred to the brewer who has undertaken to supply:Provided that where the licence-holder is

1916.

Ch. 26.

83

Output of Beer (Restriction)

Act, 1916.

himself a brewer for sale the certificate shall not be used to obtain a transfer of barrelage to himself, and that where a certificate forwarded under this section relates to any quarter in which the licence-holder is supplied with beer by the brewer from whom he obtained the certificate, the number of barrels which he is entitled to obtain from another brewer, and which are transferred accordingly, shall be reduced by the quantity with which he is so supplied.

(3) In this section the expression "licence-holder" means the holder of an Excise licence authorising the sale of beer whether wholesale or by retail; and includes, where any licensed premises have changed hands, the licence-holder for the time being; and where any premises on which beer is sold are under the management of the Central Control Board (Liquor Traffic), the Central Control Board, and where the holder of the licence is a manager managing the licensed premises on behalf of any other person or a. tenant of any other person who controls the ordering of beer for the premises, the person who so controls the ordering of the beer.

(4) This section shall apply to registered clubs as it applies to licensed premises, with the substitution of the person managing the club for the licence-holder.

(5) Where, during the year ended the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen, beer has been supplied by any brewer to a canteen held under the authority of the Secretary of State or the Admiralty, the same rights as are conferred under this section upon a licence-holder shall be exercisable in respect of that beer by the Secretary of State or the Admiralty, as the case may be.

6. The Board of Trade may, at the request of the Army Council, grant a special certificate to any brewer in Ireland authorising him to brew beer in excess of the limits prescribed by this Act if the addition is required for the use of military canteens in Ireland, and the amount of beer which that brewer is entitled to brew shall thereupon be increased by the number of barrels stated in the certificate, and this Act shall have effect accordingly.

7. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expressions "brewer" and " brewer for sale" have

the same meaning as in the Inland Revenue Act, 1880, and include the Central Control Board (Liquor Traffic), and the expression "beer" has the same meaning as in Part II. of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910;

The expression "brewery" means premises in respect of which a manufacturer’s licence to a brewer for sale is in force;

The expression "barrel" means the standard barrel containing thirty-six gallons of beer of original gravity of 1, 055 degrees;

Special provision as to beer for canteens in Ireland.

Definitions.

43 & 44 Vict c. 19.

10 Edw. c. 8.

84

Ch. 26, 27.

Short title and duration.

Imposition of duty on motor spirit.

10 Bdw. 7. c. 8.

Imposition of duties on cocoa.

Output of Beer (

Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Ge?>. 5.

The expression "quarter" means the three months commencing on the first day of January, the first day of April, the first day of July, and the first day of October in any year; and The expression "Commissioners" means the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

8. This Act may be cited as the Output of Beer (Restriction) Act, 1916, and shall apply to the quarter which commenced on the first day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen and to every subsequent quarter which commences during the continuance of the present war.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

[3rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) There shall, on and from the fifth day of October, nineteen hundred and fifteen, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and seventeen, be charged levied and paid on motor spirit removed or imported into the Isle of Man a duty of Customs at the rate of sixpence the gallon.

(2) For the purposes of the duty under this section, the expression "motor spirit " has the same meaning as for the purposes of the duty under section eighty-four of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, and subsections (7) and (8) of that section shall apply accordingly.

(3) Any exemptions and allowances applicable to the duty on motor spirit imposed by section eighty-four of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, as amended by any subsequent enactment, shall be applicable also to the duty on motor spirit imposed by this section and section eighty-five and Part I. of the Fifth Schedule of that Act, as amended and extended by any subsequent enactment, shall apply accordingly.

2. — (1) There shall be charged, levied, and paid on cocoa removed or imported into the Isle of Man the following duties of Customs, that is to say:

On and from the fifth day of October nineteen hundred and fifteen until the first day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen — s j

Cocoa ---- the lb. 0 11

Cocoa husks and shells - the cwt. 3 0

Cocoa butter - the lb. 0 11

1916.

Isle of Man (Custom) Act, 1916. Ch. 27.

85

and on and from the first day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen until the first day of August nineteen hundred and seventeen —

£ s. d.

Cocoa ---- the cwt. 220

Cocoa husks and shells -, 0 6 0

Cocoa butter - - the lb. 0 0 4}

(2) The duties of Customs imposed by this section are duties of Customs within the meaning of section seven of the Finance Act, 1901, and the Customs (Tariff) Act, 1876, shall l Edw. 7. c. 7. apply to the Isle of Man so far as necessary to give effect to 39 40 Vict, that section. c. 36.

3. In addition to the duties of Customs payable on coffee Additional and chicory removed or imported into the Isle of Man, there shall on and from the twenty-second day of September, nineteen an c lcory hundred and fifteen, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and seventeen, be charged, levied and paid such additional duties of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to the existing duties, duties at the following rates: —

£ s. d.

Coffee (not kiln-dried, roasted, or ground)

the cwt. 110

Coffee (kiln-dried, roasted, or ground) the lb. 0 0 3 Coffee and chicory, roasted and

ground, mixed - the lb. 0 0 3

Chicory (raw or kiln-dried) - - the cwt. 0 19 10

Chicory (roasted or ground) - - the lb. 0 0 3

4. — (1) In addition to the duty of Customs payable on Additional matters applicable to the uses of chicory and coffee, removed Jgje* on^ or imported into the Isle of Man, there shall, on and from the chicorylub twenty-second day of September nineteen hundred and fifteen, stitutes until the first day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen, be charged, levied, and paid such additional duty of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to the existing duty, a duty at the rate of threepence.

(2) There shall on and from the first day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen, until the first day of August nineteen hundred and seventeen, be charged, levied, and paid upon every quarter of a pound weight of any article or substance removed or imported into the Isle of Man which is prepared or manufactured for the purpose of being in imitation of or in any respect to resemble or to serve as a substitute for coffee or chicory, a duty of Customs of a penny halfpenny, and as from the said first day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen the words "or any other matter applicable to the use of chicory or coffee " in section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1895, #8 & 59 Vict, shall be repealed. c. 38.

86

Ch. 27.

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Additional duties on sugar.

8 Edw. 7. c 8 Edw. 7. c

Additional duties on tobacco.

5. — (1) In addition to the duties of Customs payable in respect of sugar, molasses, glucose, and saccharin, removed or imported into the Isle of Man, there shall on and from the twenty-second day of September, nineteen hundred and fifteen, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and seventeen, be charged, levied, and paid such additional duties of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to the existing duties, duties at the rates specified in the table set out in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act.

86. (2) The drawbacks and allowances under the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1903, as amended by the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1908, in respect of sugar, molasses, glucose, and saccharin shall, during the continuance of the additional duties imposed by this section, be at the rates set out in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act.

Subsection (2) of section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1903, shall apply to the additional duties under this section as it applies to the duties imposed by that section.

6. — (1) In addition to the duties of Customs payable on manufactured tobacco removed or imported into the Isle of Man there shall, on and from the twenty-second day of-September, nineteen hundred and fifteen, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and seventeen, be charged, levied, and paid such additional duties of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to the existing duties, duties at the following rates: —

Tobacco, manufactured, viz.: s. d.

Cigars - - the lb. 10 6

Cavendish or Negrohead. - the lb. 8 0

Cavendish or Negrohead manufactured

in bond ---- the lb. 7 0

Other manufactured tobacco, viz.:

Cigarettes ---- the lb. 8 6

Other sorts - the lb. 7 0

Snuff, containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof ---- the lb. 6 7J

Snuff, not containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof ---- the lb. 8 2

(2) In addition to the duties of Customs payable on unmanufactured tobacco removed or imported into the Isle of Man there shall, on and from the ninth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifteen, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and seventeen, be charged, levied, and paid such additional duties

87

191G. Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1916. Ch. 27.

of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to’ the existing duties, duties at the following rates:—

Tobacco, unmanufactured:

Containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof:

If unstemmed br unstripped -If stemmed or stripped -

Containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof:

If unstemmed or unstripped - - the lb. 6 1J

If stemmed or stripped - the lb. 6 2

7. In addition to the duties of Customs payable on ale or Additional beer removed or imported into the Isle of Man there shall, on dut, eson and from the ninth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifteen, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and seventeen, be charged, levied, and paid such additional duties of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to the existing duties, a duty at the following rate:—

s. d.

For every thirty-six gallons where the worts were before fermentation of a specific gravity of 1055 degrees, a duty of- - -110

with a proportionate increase or decrease according to the specific gravity of the worts thereof before fermentation.

8. In addition to the duty of Customs payable on tea Additional removed or imported into the Isle of Man there shall on and dut>'on tea-from the seventeenth day of March, nineteen hundred and sixteen, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and seventeen, be charged, levied, and paid such additional duty of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to the existing duty, a duty of elevenpence the pound.

9. The additional duties of Customs on spirits removed or Continuance imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section one of the duties on0* Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1900, shall continue to be charged, spirits, levied, and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen 61 Vic1' hundred and sixteen, until the first day of August, nineteen c‘ hundred and seventeen.

10. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) short Act, 1916.

s. d.

- the lb. 5 6

- the lb. 5 6 V

88

Ch. 27.

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Section 5 (1).

SCHEDULE.

Part I. Duties on SugaIi.

£ s. d.

Sugar which, when tested by the polariscope, indicates a

polarisation exceeding 98 degrees - the cwt. 0 9 4

Sugar of a polarisation i not exceeding 76 degrees - ii 0 4 6

Sugar of a polarisation-

Exceeding 76 and not exceeding 77 ii 0 4 7*5

v 77 78 v 0 4 9-3

78 11 11 79 ii 0 4 11 1

, 79 11 11 80 ii 0 5 0-9

v 80 11 81 ii 0 5 2*7

, 81 IV 82 ii 0 5 4-5

, 82 11 Ii 83 ii 0 5 6-3

v 83 11 84 ii 0 5 8*3

v 84 11 11 85 ii 0 5 10-3

, 85 M 11 86 ii 0 6 0*3

, 86 11 11 87 ii 0 6 2*3

n 87 11 11 88 ii 0 6 4-6

, 88 11 11 89 ii 0 6 6-8

, 89 11 11 90 ii 0 6 9-5

, 90 11 1i 91 ii 0 7 0-2

, 91 11 11 92 ii 0 7 2-9

, 92 11 11 93 ii 0 7 5-6

, 93 11 11 94 ii 0 7 8-2

, 94 ii 95 ii 0 7 10-9

v 95 11 11 96 ii 0 8 1-6

, 96 11 1i 97 0 8 4*3

, 97 11 11 98 ii 0 8 70

Molasses (except wheu. cleared for use by a licensed distiller

for the manufacture of spirits) and invert sugar, and all

other sugar and extracts from sugar which cannot be completely tested by the polariscope and on which duty is not

specially charged by this schedule —

If containing 70 per cent, or more of sweetening matter

per cwt. 0 5 11

If containing less than 70 per cent, and more than 50

per cent, of sweetening matter - per cwt. 0 4 3

If containing not more than 50 per cent, of sweetening

matter - - per cwt. 0 2 I

The amount of sweetening matter to be taken to be the

total amount of cane, invert and other sugar contained in

the article, as determined by analysis in manner directed

by the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

Glucose:

Solid - the cwt. 0 5 11

Liquid - 0 4 3

Saccharin, including substances of a like nature or use

the oz. 0 3 0

1916.

Isle of Man (Customs) Ac, 1916. Ch. 27, 28.

89

Part II.

Drawbacks and Allowances. section 6(2).

1. Drawbacks under Second Schedule of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1903.

Drawback to be allowed to a refiner on molasses j produced in the Isle of Man and delivered by j him to a licensed distiller for use in the; manufacture of spirits - the cwt., 0 2 1

Other drawbacks

According to the amount of duty paid.

2. Allowance under Section 2 (2) of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1903.

1 Allowance to a refiner on molasses produced in the Isle of Man to be used as food for stock; «• SL

the cwt. ! 0 2 1

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[3rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For the purpose of local loans, there may be issued a rant* for by the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, public works, namely: —

(a) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan

Commissioners, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds:

(b) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public

Works in Ireland, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred thousand pounds. 2

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the

90

Ch. 28.

Public Works Loans Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

BO k 51 Vict. c. 16.

Certain debts not to be reckoned m assets of local loans fnnd.

Remission of arrears of principal and interest in respect of Eyemouth Harbour loan.

Edw. 7. c. 36.

purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local loans specified in the Schedule to this Act should, to the extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned as assets of the local loans fund established under the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore, the principal of the said loans shall to that extent be written off from die assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

3. Whereas in pursuance of an agreement made in the year eighteen hundred and ninety-two the sum of ten thousand pounds was advanced by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees on the security of the harbour revenues with the collateral security of the Fishery Board for Scotland:

And whereas by an arrangement confirmed by section three of the Public Works Loans Act, 1901, the liability of the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees in respect of the said loan was extinguished without prejudice to the liability of the Fishery Board for Scotland to repay that loan, and, in consequence thereof, the said collateral security is the sole security for the repayment of the said loan:

And whereas the terms of the said collateral security are embodied in a memorandum of agreement between the Secretary for Scotland and the Public Works Loan Commissioners, dated the eleventh day of March eighteen hundred and ninety-two, whereby a portion of the "surplus herring brand fees, " as defined in clause three of the said memorandum, was pledged in security for the repayment of the said loan with interest by the instalments and at the times mentioned in the security given by the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees for the said loan, and it was provided that the said portion of the "surplus herring brand fees " of any one year should only be applicable to the repayment of the one-fiftieth part of principal and interest on outstanding principal falling due under the security for the said loan in the same year, and should not be applicable to the repayment of arrears of principal:

And whereas the said portion of the " surplus herring brand fees " so pledged as aforesaid, was in the year ending the thirty-first. day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen insufficient to discharge in full the instalment of principal with interest which fell due under the security for the said loan in that year, and the principal sum of two hundred pounds, with interest amounting to one hundred and seventy-five pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence, now remains unpaid, and under the terms of the said memorandum of agreement is irrecoverable:

1916.

Public Works Loans Act, 1916. Ch. 28.

Therefore the said principal sum of two hundred pounds shall be extinguished, and the said arrears of interest amounting to one hundred and 6eventy-five pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence shall be remitted.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Loans by the Publio Works Loan Commissioners. section 2.

Loan under the Harbours and Passing Tolls Act, 1861 (24 & 25 Vict. c. 47).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. i Amount to be written off.

Eyemouth Harbour Trustees 1 £ d. 10,000 0 0 £ «. <2. 200 0 0

Part H.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

(I) Loan under the Landed Property Improvement (Act, 1847

(10 Vict. c. 32).

Name of Borrower. 1 Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

Dr. Michael J. Barry £ «. <2. 100 0 0 £ «. <2. 37 0 10

(2) Loans under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863 (26 27 Vict. c. 88), and the River Suck Drainage Act, 1889 (52 Sf 53 Vict. c. ccv).

' T Name of Proprietor. Amount of Principal Charge. Amount to be written off.

Edward J. Hope -Capt. A. P. T. Collum . Lord De Freyne - -1 £ «. <2. 55 4 0 1, 347 19 2 13 1 1 47 5 10 £ «. <2. 1 38 11 0 I 889 11 11 10 13 10 j 38 14 9

G

92

Ch. 28, 29.

Public Works Loans Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Continuance of Acta in schedule.

Part III.

Loans by the Irish Land Commission.

Loans under the Purchase of Land () Act, 1885

(48 Sf 49 Vict. c. 73).

Name of Original Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to he written off. i

1 £ «. d.

Henry McLoughlin - 250 0 0 6 10 11

John Smith 270 0 0 15 4 8

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[3rd August 1916.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire, as respects the Acts mentioned in Part I. of that schedule, on the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and sixteen, and, as respects the Acts mentioned in Part II. of that schedule, on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and seventeen, and as respects the Act mentioned in Part III. of that schedule, on the twenty-sixth day of November nineteen hundred and sixteen:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance ‘as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The Acts mentioned in Part I. and Part III. of the schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and seventeen, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II. of the schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and eighteen, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are

1916,

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1916. Ch. 29.

temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, Short title, whether they are mentioned in the schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE.

Section 1.

Part I.

1. 2. 3. 4.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. How far continued. Amending Acts.

0) 3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act. —

(2) 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. The Textile Manufactures (Ireland) Act, 1840. The whole Act 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

(3) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. G) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. The Ordnance Survey Act, 1841. The whole Act 33 Vict. c. 13. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 30.

The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act, 1847. As to the provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

(5) 14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851. I The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. 8. 10.

(6) 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854. So much to is continued by the Cor-(rupt and Illegal 1 Practices Preven-| tion Act, 1883. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. 8. 6. j 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(7) 26 & 27 Vict c. 105. The Promissory Notes 1 Act, 1863. | The whole Act I 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

(8) 27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act. —

(9) 28 & 29 Vict. *c. 46. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

(10) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. The Locomotives Act, 1865 The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict. c. 58. ! 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 36. 1 61 & 62 Vict. c. 29. 1 & 2 Geo. 5. o. 45.

94

Ch. 29.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(11) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. (12) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. 1; The Parliamentary Elec-j tions Act, 1868. So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 42 & 43 Vict c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 61.

The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. The whole Act 34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

(13) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 66. 1 The Endowed Schools Act, 1869. As to the powers of making schemes. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 87. 37 & 88 Vict. c. 87. 62 & 63 Vict. c. 40. 8 Edw. 7. c. 39.

GO 33 & 34 Vict. c. 112. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870. The whole Act 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100. 49 Vict. c. 6.

(15) 34 & 36 Vict. c. 87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. The whole Act.

(16) 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. (17) 38 & 39 Vict. c. 84. (18) 39 & 40 Vict, c. 21. (19) 41 & 42 Vict, c. 41. (20) 43 Vict. c. 18. The Ballot Act, 1872 The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 60. (Municipal Elections).

The Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1876. The whole Act 46 & 47 Vict c. 51. 8, 32 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 67.

The Jurors Qualification (Ireland) Act, 1876. The whole Act 57 & 58 Vict. c. 49. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. s. 69.

The Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 68. 64 & 65 Vict. c. 49.

The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880. The whole Act 46 & 47 Vict c. 61.

(21) 43 ft Vict. c. 42. i 1 The Employers’ Liability Act, 1880. The whole Act 6 Edw. 7. c. 68. a. 14.

(22) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 61. The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. The whole Act i 58 & 69 Vict c. 40.

(23) 47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. 1 The whole Act j i 66 & 67 Vict c. 73. 1 ft 2 Geo. 5. c. 7.

* (24) 61 & 52 Vict. c. 65. The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888. The whole Act. i —

1916.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1916. Ch. 29

95

i.

Session and Chapter.

(25)

62 & 63 Vict. c. 40.

(26)

68 & 69 Vict. c. 21.

(27)

69 Vict. c. 1.-

(28)

61 & 62 Vict. c. 49.

(29) 2 Edw. 7. c. 18.

(30)

3 Sdw. 7. c. 36.

(31)

4 Edw. 7.C. 24.

(32)

6 Edw. 18.

2.

[Short Title.]

The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889.

3. 4.

How far continued. Amending Acts.

The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1896.

The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896.

The Vaccination Act, 1898

The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1902.

The Motor Car Act, 1903

The Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904.

The Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905.

As to the powers of the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 69.

7 Edw. 7. c. 31.

(33)

7 Edw. 7. c. 66.

The London Cab and Stage Carriage Act, 1907.

As to the abolition 1 of the privileged; cab system, s. 2.

(34)

1 ft 2 Geo. 6. c. 65.

The National Insurance Act, 1911.

Section forty-two; and so far as it relates to the powers of the Insurance Commissioners to make orders affecting section forty-two. section seventy-eight.

3 ft Geo. 5. c. 37.

(36)

2ft 3 Geo. 5. j The Coal Mines (Minimum The whole Act. c. 2. Wage) Act, 1912.

96

Off. 29, 30. Expiring Law* Continuance Act, 1916* 647 Geo. 5.

Part II.

Issue of 470, 262, 480/. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1917.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 1 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acta.

(36) 69 & 60 Vict. c. 16. I The Agricultural Rates Act, 1896. i The whole Act. I

(37) 69 & 60 Vict. c. 87. The Agricult ural Rates, Congested Districts, ! and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, ! 1896. 1 1, The whole Act. 1 i

Part III.

(38) 6 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 4. The Land Drainage Act, ' 1914. 1 As to the powers of making Provisional Orders. —

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.

[3rd August 1916.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:1

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, the sum of four hundred and seventy million two hundred and sixty-two thousand four hundred and eighty pounds.

1916.

Consolidated Fund (No. 4), 1916. Ch. 30, 31.

97

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for the

issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to

and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the

credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole four hundred and seventy million two hundred and sixty-two thousand four hundred and eighty pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and section

six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal 40 & 41 Vict, of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills. c. 2.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to amend the Enactments relating to the Police and certain other Enactments with the administration of which the Secretary of State for the Home Department is concerned.

[3rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Police.

1. — (1) Where for purposes connected with the present war Retention by a constable in receipt of a pension under the Police Act, 1890, has, whether before or after the passing of this Act, enlisted or whUrtem-entered or been granted a commission in any of His Majesty's ployed for the forces, or obtained employment under the Admiralty or Army Sr'jJP0"68 0 the Council or the Ministry of Munitions, or entered or re-entered the service of any police force, subsection (2) of section thirteen 53 & 54 Vict, of the Police Act, 1890 (which relates to the suspension of c-46-pension in cases of appointments to new offices) shall not apply and shall be deemed never to have applied except to such extent as the police authority may otherwise determine.

98

53 & 54 Vict. c. 67.

Payments to constables serving in the naval and military forces and their dependants.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 34.

Power of police authority to pension persons injured whilst assisting police.

Amendment of 51 & 52 Vict,

c. 41.8.24(1)

CO and O’)-

Ch. 31. Police, Factor, dec. 6 7 Geo. 5.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1916.

(2) This section shall apply to Scotland with the substitution of references to the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890, for the references to the Police Act, 1890.

2. — (1) Where before the passing of this Act a police authority has resolved, promised, sanctioned or agreed to make to any constable serving in His Majesty's forces for the purposes of the present war, payments in excess of the amounts authorised by the Police Constables (Naval and Military Service) Acts, 1914 and 1915, any such excess payments up to the date of the passing of this Act, or such later date as may be determined by the Secretary of State, shall be deemed to have been lawfully made, and the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, sanction the continuance of such excess payments after such date as aforesaid, and shall do so in any case where it appears to him that the constable joined His Majesty's forces in reliance on such resolution, promise, sanction, or agreement, and that the amount of the excess is not unreasonable.

(2) In the case of any constable who dies or has died whilst employed on naval or military service in respect of whom no pension or gratuity is payable from the Police Fund the police authority shall have power to return to any of his dependants, as defined in section one of the Police Reservists (Allowances) Act, 1914, the rateable deductions which have been made from his pay towards pension.

(3) This section shall apply to Scotland with the substitution of a reference to the Secretary for Scotland for the reference to the Secretary of State.

3. — (1) Where a police authority has accepted the offer of any person to assist the police in the execution of any of their duties connected with the present war, and such person is incapacitated by an injury received by him whilst rendering such assistance under the supervision or in accordance with the directions of the police authority, or dies from the effect of any injury so received without his own default, the police authority may grant to him or to his widow and children or any of them a pension or pensions and allowances at the same rates as under the Police Act, 1890, would have been payable had such person been a constable who had completed not more than five years’ service and was drawing pay at the rate of five shillings a day, and all such pensions and allowances shall be paid out of the Police Fund.

(2) This section shall apply to Scotland with the substitution of a reference to the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890, for the reference to the Police Act, 1890. 4

4. In paragraphs (?) and (of subsection (2) of section twenty-four of the Local Government Act, 1888, which relate to transfers and payments charged on the Exchequer Contribution Account in respect of the pay and clothing of the police,

1916.

Police, Factories, dec.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1916. Ch. 31.

99

the expression "pay of the police " shall be deemed to include the pay of any women who may be employed by a police authority to perform any of the duties of the police and are required to devote the whole of their time to such employment.

5. — (1) A police authority may make regulations with respect to the places where and the conditions under which persons may be permitted in any street or public place, within the police area, to collect money or sell articles for the benefit of charitable or other purposes, and any person who acts in contravention of any such regulation shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings or in the case of a second or subsequent offence not exceeding five pounds:

Provided that —

(a) regulations made under this section shall not come

into operation until they have been confirmed by the Secretary of State, and published for such time and in such manner as the Secretary of State may direct; and

(b) regulations made under this section shall not apply

to the selling of articles in any street or public place when the articles are sold in the ordinary course of trade, and for the purpose of earning a livelihood, and no representation is made by or on behalf of the seller that any part of the proceeds of sale will be devoted to any charitable purpose.

(2) This section, except subsection (3) thereof, shall apply to Ireland with the following modifications:—

(a) references to the Secretary of State shall be construed as

references to the Lord Lieutenant; and

(b) references to a police authority shall, as respects streets

and public places within the Dublin Metropolitan police district, be construed as references to the Chief Commissioner of Police for that district; and as respects streets and public places not within that district, be construed as references to the Inspector General of the Royal Irish Constabulary. 3

(3) The power to make byelaws conferred upon the council of a county in Scotland by section fifty-seven of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, shall include a power to make byelaws regulating the conditions under which persons may be permitted in any street, road, or public place within the county to collect money or sell articles for the benefit of charitable or other purposes, provided that such byelaws shall not apply to the selling of articles in any street, road, or public place when the articles sold are sold in the ordinary course of trade and for the purpose of earning a livelihood.

Regulation of street collections.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 60.

100

Police, Factories, dec. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Miscellaneous Provisions), 1916.

Extent of Parti.

Provisions for securing welfare of workers in factories and workshops.

1 Edw. 7. c. 22.

Ch. 31.

(4) In this section —

the expression "street " includes any highway and any public bridge, road, lane, footway, square, court, alley, or passage, whether a thoroughfare or not.

6. This Part of this Act shall not apply, except where otherwise expressly provided, to Scotland or Ireland.

Part II.

Factories and Workshops.

7. — (1) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that the conditions and circumstances of employment or the nature of the processes carried on in any factory or workshop are such as to require special provision to be made at the factory or workshop for securing the welfare of the workers or any class of workers employed therein in relation to the matters to which this section applies, he may by Order require the occupier to make such reasonable provision therefor as may be specified in the order, and if the occupier fails to comply with the requirements of the order or any of them, the factory or workshop shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

(2) The following shall be the matters to which this section applies: —

Arrangements for preparing or heating, and taking, meals; the supply of drinking water; the supply of protective clothing; ambulance and first aid arrangements; the supply and use of seats in workrooms; facilities for washing; accommodation for clothing; arrangements for supervision of workers.

(3) Orders may —

(a) be made for a particular factory or workshop, or for

factories or workshops of any class or group or description;

(b) be made contingent in respect of particular require-

ments upon application being made by a specified number or proportion of the workers concerned, and may prescribe the manner in which the views of the workers are to be ascertained;

(c) provide for the workers concerned being associated in

the management of the arrangements, accommodation or other facilities for which provision is made, in any case where a portion of the cost is contributed by the workers; but no contribution shall be required from the workers in any factory or workshop, except for the purpose of providing additional or special benefits which, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, could not reasonably be

1916.

Ch. 31.

101

Police, Factor, &c.

(, Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1916.

required to be provided by the employer alone, and unless two-thirds at least of therworkers affected in that factory or workshop, on their views being ascertained in the prescribed manner; j^feent.

(4) If, in the case of any order proposed to be made for a particular factory or workshop, the occupier, or, in the Case of an order for factories or workshops of a particular 'etefes or group or description, the majority of the occupiers of factories or workshops of that class or group or description, dispute; *the, reasonableness of the requirements in the proposed order.Or any of them, the objection shall be referred for settlement to a referee selected in accordance with rules made under this' section, but the Secretary of State may so refer any objection though not made by a majority of the occupiers if he thinks desirable.

(5) Save as otherwise expressly provided in the order, the occupier of a factory or workshop shall not make any deduction from the sum contracted to be paid by him to any workman or receive any payment from any workman in respect of any provision made in pursuance of an order under this section, and, if he makes any such deduction or receives any such payment, he shall be guilty of an offence against the Truck Act, 1831, and shall be liable to the penalties imposed by section nine of that Act as if the offence were an offence mentioned in that section.

(6) The Secretary of State may make rules as to the time within which, and the manner in which, notice of objection to any order may be made, and as to the selection of, and the procedure before, a referee and the cost of the proceedings before a referee (including the remuneration of the referee).

(7) Any order made under this section may be revoked at any time in whole or in part by the Secretary of State, without prejudice to the making of a further order.

(8) This section shall not apply to domestic factories or workshops.

(9) The Secretary of State may*by a special order made in accordance with the provisions of section one hundred and twenty-six of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, extend the matters to which this section applies to matters other than those mentioned in this section.

8. — (1) After the expiration of one month from the passing of this Act it shall cease to be the duty of certifying surgeons to investigate the nature and cause of death or injury caused by accidents in factories and workshops or in premises to which the provisions of the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1901 to 1911, relating to accidents, are applied, or to send to the inspector of the district reports thereof:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect subsection (3) of section seventy-three of the Factory and Workshop

1 Si 2 Will. 4. c. 37.

Abolition of investigations of accidents by certifying surgeons.

102

Ch. 31.

9

Construction of Part II.

Power to relax qualifications as to practical experience in mining where candidates for certificates have served in the navy or army.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 50.

Transfer to Board of Control of certain powers of Lunacy Commissioners.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 28.

Police, Factories, dec. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1910.

Act, 1901, relating.Jo the investigation by certifying surgeons of diseases occurring in factories and workshops:

Provided.&s© that it shall continue to be the duty of the certifying.^etrgeon to investigate and report upon cases of injury caused by-exposure to gas, fumes, or other noxious substances or due.tp*any other special cause specified in instructions of the Secretary*of State as requiring investigation, and the Secretary of State* shall issue instructions defining the causes of injury to whiph this provision is to apply and requiring the inspector of .Vl^e.‘‘district to refer to the certifying surgeon all such cases ^ported to him. It shall also be the duty of the certifying •surgeon to investigate and report upon any case of injury which the inspector of the district in pursuance of any general or special instructions of the Secretary of State may refer to him j for that purpose. The certifying surgeon shall have, for the j purpose of the investigation in any such case, the same powers and shall be entitled to receive the same fee as he would if j the case had been a case to which section seventy-three applies. j

(2) As from the same date the enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent mentioned in the Schedule to this Act. I

9. This Part of this Act shall be construed as one with the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1901 to 1911.

Part III.

Miscellaneous and General.

10. Rules made by the Board for Mining Examinations with the approval of the Secretary of State under section nine of the Coal Mines Act, 1911, may relax the qualifications as to practical experience in mining required to be fulfilled by applicants for certificates of competency prescribed by paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of that section in the case of men who have served in any of His Majesty's forces for the purposes of the present war for a period of at least one year, and who before such service had had practical experience in mining:

Provided that no person shall be entitled to receive or to be registered as the holder of a certificate of competency until he has completed the period of practical experience in mining required by the said paragraph.

11. Section sixty-five of the Mental Deficiency Act, 1913, which transfers to the Board of Control the powers of the Commissioners of Lunacy under the Lunacy Acts, 1890 to 1911, and any Order in Council made thereunder shall extend and shall be deemed to have extended so as to transfer to that Board and members of that Board the powers of those Commissioners or any one or more of those Commissioners under any other enactment.

1916. Police, Factories, fee. Ch. 31, 3 103

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1016.

12. Section three of the Criminal Justice Administration Amendment of Act, 1914 (which relates to the reduction of imprisonment J ^5* imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction in respect of nonpayment of sums of money), shall apply in all cases, whether or

not the sum of money is adjudged to be paid by a conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction, and accordingly in that section the words "adjudged to be paid by a conviction or order of that or any other court of summary jurisdiction " shall be repealed, and for the words "the sum adjudged to be paid " there shall be substituted the words "the sum in respect of nonpayment of which the imprisonment is imposed."

13. This Act may be cited as the Police, Factories, &c. short title. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE. Section 8 (2).

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. 1 Extent of Repeal.

lEdw. 7.C. 22 The Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Section twenty and subsection (3) of section one hundred and twenty-four, except so far as they are applied by subsection (3) of section seventy-three.

6 Edw. 7. c. 53 The Notice of Accidents Act, 1906. Subsection (1) of section four from the words "and also in the case of accidents " to the end of the subsection.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to make provision with respect to Copyright in works first published or made in an enemy country during the present War.

[10th August 1916.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen with respect to the existence of copyright in works first published or made in an enemy country during the present war, the copyright wherein would, had a state of war not existed, have vested in any person as the first owner thereof by virtue of the application to' an enemy country of any Order in Council made under the Copyright Act, l ft 2 Geo. 5. 1911, and it is expedient to make such provision as is hereinafter c-46, contained with respect to copyright in such works:

104

Ch. 32, 33. Trading with the Enemy ')6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

Vesting in Public

Trustee copyright in works published or made in enemy territory.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.

c. 12.

Short title and construction.

Rules of procedure of courts of inquiry.

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Copyright in all such works, whether first published or made after or before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed to vest or to have vested in the Public Trustee in his capacity as Custodian under the Trading with the Enemy Amendment Act, 1914; and the Public Trustee shall, subject to regulations made by the Board of Trade, have all such powers, rights, and remedies in relation to the work as such person as aforesaid would, had a state of war not existed, have had; and all copyrights so vested in the Public Trustee, and any money arising from the exercise of his rights as the owner of any such copyright, shall be dealt with by him in like manner as property vested in him under the Trading with the Enemy Amendment Act, 1914, and section five of that Act as amended by any subsequent enactment shall apply accordingly:

Provided that where, before the passing of this Act, any person has taken any action whereby he has incurred expenditure or liability in connexion with the reproduction or performance of any such work as aforesaid, the Public Trustee shall, on application for the purpose being made within six months after the passing of this Act, grant to him a licence to reproduce or perform the work on such terms and conditions as, in the opinion of the Public Trustee, are fair and reasonable.

2. This Act may be cited as the Trading with the Enemy (Copyright) Act, 1916, and shall be construed as one with the Trading with the Enemy Amendment Act, 1914.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to amend subsection five of section seventy of the Army Act.

[10th August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The rules as to the procedure of courts of inquiry under subsection (5) of section seventy of the Army Act may, in cases where the Secretary of State certifies that the evidence of persons who are not subject to military lkw will be necessary *, make provision for compelling such persons to attend as witnesses, to give evidence, and to produce documents before the court, and the rules may for that purpose apply, with the necessary adaptations, section one hundred and twenty-six of the Army Act

1916.

Ch. 33, 34.

105

Army (Courts Inquiry)

Act, 1916.

(which relates to the attendance of witnesses not subject to military law before courts martial); and the rules may further, where the Secretary of State certifies that the evidence before the court is likely to affect the character of persons not subject to military law, provide for the inclusion, as members of the court, of one or more persons, nominated by the Secretary of State, who are not officers.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Army (Courts of Inquiry) Act, 1916.

(2) This Act shall continue in force until the termination of the present war and no longer.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to constitute Special Commissions to inquire into the origin, inception, and conduct of Operations of War in the Dardanelles and Gallipoli, and into the origin, inception, and conduct of Operations of War in Mesopotamia.

[17th August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The following persons, namely,

The Right Honourable the Earl of Cromer, G.C.B., O.M., G.C.M.G., K.C.S.I., C.I.E.,

The Right Honourable Andrew Fisher,

The Honourable Sir Thomas Mackenzie, K.C.M.G.,

Sir Frederick Cawley, Baronet, Member of Parliament, James Avon Clyde, Esquire, King’s Counsel, Member of Parliament,

Captain Stephen Lucius Gwynn, Member of Parliament, Walter Francis Roch, Esquire, Member of Parliament, Admiral of the Fleet Sir William Henry May, G.C.B., G.C.V.O.,

Field-Marshal Lord Nicholson, G.C.B., and The Right Honourable Sir William Pickford, Knight, one of the Lords Justices of Appeal,

are hereby appointed Commissioners for the purpose of inquiring into the origin, ^nception, and conduct of operations of war in the Dardanelles and Gallipoli, including the supply of drafts, reinforcements, ammunition, and equipment to the troops and fleet, the provision for the sick and wounded, and the responsibility of those departments of Government whose duty it has been to minister to the wants of the forces employed in that theatre of war.

Short title and duration.

Appointment of Commissioners.

106

Ch. 34.

Powers of Commissioners.

Special Commissions (6 & 7 Geo. 5.

and Mesopotamia) Act, 1U16.

(2) The following persons, namely,

The Right Honourable Lord George Francis Hamilton, G.C.S.I.,

The Right Honourable the Earl of Donoughmore, K.P., Lord Hugh Cecil, Member of Parliament,

Sir Archibald Williamson, Baronet, Member of Parliament, John Hodge, Esquire, Member of Parliament,

Commander Josiah C. Wedgwood, Member of Parliament, Admiral Sir Cyprian Arthur George Bridge, G.C.B., and General the Right Honourable Sir Neville Gerald Lvttelton, G.C.B., G.C.V.O.,

are hereby appointed Commissioners for the purpose of inquiring into the origin, inception, and conduct of operations of war in Mesopotamia, including the supply of drafts, reinforcements, ammunition, and equipment to the troops and fleet, the provision for the sick and wounded, and the responsibility of those departments of Government whose duty it has been to minister to the wants of the forces employed in that theatre of war.

2. — (1) The Commissioners appointed under this Act (in this Act referred to as the Commissioners) shall have all such powers, rights, and privileges as are vested in the High Court or in any judge thereof, on the occasion of any action, in respect of the following matters: —

(a) The enforcing the attendance of witnesses and examining them on oath, affirmation, or otherwise, and the issue of a commission or a request to examine witnesses abroad; and

(b) The compelling the production of documents; and

(c) The punishing persons guilty of contempt;

and a summons signed by one or more of the Commissioners may be substituted for and shall be equivalent to any formal process capable of being issued in any action for enforcing the attendance of witnesses and compelling the production of documents.

(2) A warrant of committal to prison issued for the purpose of enforcing the powers conferred by this section shall be signed by one or more of the Commissioners, and shall specify the prison to which the offender is to be committed, but shall not authorise the imprisonment of an offender for a period exceeding three months.

(3) The Commissioners may authorise the representation before them of any person appearing to them to be interested by counsel, or solicitor, or otherwise, if they consider that any injustice would ensue if that person were not tfo represented.

(4) The Commissioners may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their number, and three shall be a quorum, but the Commissioners may delegate to any two or more of their number their powers of holding sittings for the purpose of making inquiries and taking evidence abroad and any powers in relation thereto.

1916.

Special Commissions (Dardanelles and Mesopotamia) Act, 1916. Ch. 34. 107

3. — (1) The Commissioners shall, having regard to the Discretion interests of the public and to naval, military, and diplomatic considerations, allow or refuse to allow the public or any portion either in

of the public to be present during any proceedings of the public or in Commissioners: Provided that a full and complete record in pnva e‘

shorthand shall be kept of all evidence taken whether in public or in private.

(2) If any person who is present at any proceedings of the Commissioners at which the public or any portion thereof are not allowed to be present discloses, without the authority of the Commissioners, or without proper authority given on behalf of His Majesty, either directly or indirectly, anything that has taken place at those proceedings, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and the Official Secrets Act, 1911, shall apply as it i & 2 Geo. 5, applies to misdemeanours under section two of that Act. c. 28.

4. — (1) A person examined as a witness by the Commis- indemnity to sioners shall not be excused from producing any document or 'Vltne*ses' giving any information on the ground that such document or information is secret or confidential, or is entitled to be withheld

under section two of the Official Secrets Act, 1911, or from answering any question put to him, or from producing any document, on the ground that the answer thereto or production thereof may criminate or tend to criminate him, but any answer 80 given shall not be evidence against that person in any criminal proceeding (including a proceeding by court-martial; at any time thereafter instituted against him, and any document so produced shall not be evidence against him in any such proceeding unless the production of that document could be enforced in those proceedings or evidence of that document could be otherwise obtained in any such proceedings.

(2) Nothing in this section shall apply to the case of proceedings for having given false evidence before the Commissioners, or of having procured, or attempted or conspired to procure, the giving of such evidence.

5. The Commissioners may hold sittings outside the United Sittings out-Kingdom, and for the purpose of any such sittings in India, or J}nH*de

of anything required to be done in India by or on behalf of the Kingdom Commissioners, this Act shall have effect as if a High Court or Chief Court in British India were substituted for the High Court.

6. Any report of the Commissioners and any minority report Reports, shall be laid as soon as may be before both Houses of Parliament, and the Commissioners may, if they think fit, make interim reports: Provided that the Commissioners appointed to inquire

into the Mesopotamia campaign shall proceed with all possible expedition to inquire with regard to the provision for the sick

II

108

Ch. 34, 35, 36. Spatial Commissions (647 Geo. 5.

and Mesopotamia), 1916.

[Short title.]

Fee grant payable in respect of children of the age of fifteen and upwards.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 66.

Short title and citation.

and wounded, and shall report the result of their inquiries on this matter as soon as they are completed.

7. This Act may be cited as the Special Commissions (Dardanelles and Mesopotamia) Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to alter the Limitation on the Ages of Children in respect of whom a Fee Grant is payable.

[17th August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Elementary Education Act, 1891, which provides for the payment of the fee grant, shall have effect and shall, as from the commencement of every school year current at the passing of this Act, be deemed to have had effect as if the payment of the grant in respect of children of the age of fifteen and upwards were not excluded, and accordingly the words "and under fifteen " wherever they occur in that Act shall be repealed.

2. This Act may be cited as the Elementary Education (Fee Grant) Act, 1916, and the Education Acts, 1870 to 1914, and this Act may be cited together as the Education Acts, 1870 to 1916.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend section fifty-eight of the Finance Act, 1916, with respect to the issue of certain Exchequer Bonds.

[17th August 1916.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies granted to Your Majesty, have resolved that money be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1916.

Finance (Exchequer Bonds) Amendment, 1916. Ch. 36, 37.

109

1. The proviso to section fifty-eight of the Finance Act, Amendment of 1916, shall not apply to Exchequer bonds issued on or after

the second day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen and before the fifth day of October nineteen hundred and sixteen, where the date of repayment of the bonds is expressed to be the fifth day of October nineteen hundred and twenty-one.

2. This Act may be cited as the Finance (Exchequer Bonds) Short Amendment Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend certain enactments relating to the government of India, and to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Orders in Council made for India.

[23rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) In section sixty-three of the Government of India Elections ami Act, 1915 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act "), shall be inserted the following sub-sections:— councfis.

" (6a) Rules made under this section may provide for the Geo. 6* final decision of doubts or disputes as to the c' validity of an election.

"(6b) subject to any rules made under this section, any person who is a ruler or subject of any state in India shall be eligible to be nominated a member of a legislative council."

(2) In sections seventy-four and seventy-six of the principal Act corresponding sub-sections shall be inserted, and shall be numbered (4a) and (4b) in section seventy-four and (3a) and (3b) in section seventy-six.

(3) This section shall apply to and shall validate rules and nominations made as well before as after the commencement of this Act.

2. — (1) In section seventy-one of the principal Act shall be Removal of inserted the following sub-section:— vaHdrtyrf0

" (3a) A regulation made under this section for any territory Indian shall not be invalid by reason only that it confers or delegates power to confer on courts or administrative authorities power to sit or act outside the territory in respect of which they have jurisdiction or functions, or that it confers or delegates power to

110

Qualification of rulers and subjects of certain states for office.

Admission to Indian Civil Service.

Removal of doubts as to validity of Orders io Council under Foreign Jurisdiction Act. f>3 & ft4Viet, c. 37.

Ch. 37. Government of India (Amendment) 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

confer appellate jurisdiction or functions on courts or administrative authorities sitting or acting outside the territory."

(2) In section eighty-four of the principal Act, after the words "Governor-General in Legislative Council" shall be inserted the words "or a local legislature, " and, at the end of the section, shall be inserted the following words: —

"A law made by any authority in British India and repugnant to any provision of this or any other Act of Parliament shall, to the extent of that repugnancy, but not otherwise, be void."

(3) This section shall apply to and shall validate laws made as well before as after the commencement of this Act.

3. After section ninety-six of the principal Act shall be inserted the following section: —

" 96a. Notwithstanding anything in any other enactment, the Governor-General in Council, with the approval of the Secretary of State in Council, may, by notification, declare that, subject to any conditions or restrictions prescribed in the notification, any named ruler or subject of any state in India shall be eligible for appointment to any civil or military office under the Crown to which a native of British India may be appointed, or any named subject of any state, or any named member of any independent race or tribe, in territory adjacent to India, shall be eligible for appointment to any such military office."

4. In section ninety-seven of the principal Act, after the words "British subjects" shall be inserted the words "and<f persons in respect of whom a declaration has been made under the last foregoing section who are, " and, after sub-section (2), shall be inserted the following sub-section:—

" (2a) The admission to the Indian Civil Service of a British subject who or whose father or mother was not born within His Majesty's dominions shall be subject to such restrictions as the Secretary of State in Council, with the advice and assistance of the Civil Service Commissioners, may think fit to prescribe, and all such restrictions shall be included in the rules." 6

6. An Order of His Majesty in Council heretofore or hereafter made under the Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1890, empowering the Governor-General of India in Council to make ijiles and orders in respect of courts or administrative authorities acting for any territory, shall not be invalid by reason only that it confers or delegates power to confer on courts or administrative authorities power to sit or act outside the territory in respect of which they have jurisdiction or functions, or that it confers or

1916.

Government of India (Amendment)

Act, 1916. Ch. 37.

Ill

delegates power to confer appellate jurisdiction or functions on courts or administrative authorities sitting or acting outside the territory.

6. — (1) India stock may, if registered for the time being as Transfer of stock transferable by deed in manner provided by regulations 8lock made under this section, be transferred by deed.

(2) The Banks of England and Ireland respectively, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State in Council, shall provide by regulations for a separate stock register being kept for India stock which is for the time being transferable by deed, for the conditions upon which stock is to be entered in or removed from that register, for the mode in which the transfer by deed is to be carried out, and for the payment of any fees in respect of the entry or removal of stock in or from the register and the carrying out of any transfer of stock by deed.

(3) The provisions of all enactments relating to India stock which are in force at the commencement of this Act shall apply to stock transferable by deed in pursuance of this section as they apply to stock transferable in the books of the Banks of England or Ireland, or of the Secretary of State in Council, except so far as express provision is made to the contrary by this section or by the regulations made thereunder.

(4) No stamp duty shall be payable in respect of any deed of transfer of India stock or any dividend warrant or register certificate relating to India stock.

(5) In this section the expression "India stock" means any stock created and issued, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, by the Secretary of State in Council under the authority of Parliament.

by

7. — (1) The principal Act shall be further amended in manner Minor amemi-appearing in the First Schedule to this Act. anTsavh^18 ’

(2) The enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this g ’

Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall affect any right acquired before the commencement of this Act under any judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction.

8.-(l) This Act may be cited as the Government of India short title, (Amendment) Act, 1916, and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Government of India Acts, 1915 arufconstrue-g’ and 1916. tion-

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of September, one thousand nine hundred and sixteen.

(3) Where any enactment or word is directed by this Act, or by any Act for the time being in force, whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act, to be inserted in or added to the principal Act, or to be substituted in the principal Act for any other enactment or word, or where any enactment or word in the principal Act is so directed to be

112 Ch. 37. Government of India (Amendment) 6 & 7 Geo. 5

, 1916.

repealed, then all copies of the principal Act printed by His Majesty's printers after that direction takes effect shall be printed with that enactment or word inserted in or added to the Act, or printed therein in lieu of any enactment or word for which the same is substituted, or omitted therefrom, according as the direction requires, and with the sections and sub-sections numbered in accordance with the direction; and the principal Act shall be construed as if it had, at the time at which the direction takes effect, been enacted with that addition, substitution or omission.

(4) A reference in any enactment, whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act, to the principal Act shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed to refer to that Act as amended by any enactment for the time being in force.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Further Amendments of the Government of India Act, 1915.

Enactment to be amended.

Amendment.

The Government of India Act, 1915 (5 & 6 Geo. 5, c. 61).

Section 3 (3)

• The word " British, " where secondly occurring, shall be repealed.

Section 13 (1)

- For this sub-section shall be substituted the following sub-section: —

" (1) Where an order or communication concerns the levying of war, or the making of peace, or the public safety, or the defence of the realm, or the treating or negotiating with any prince or state, or the policy to be observed with respect j to any prince' or state, and a majority of votes

j therefor at a meeting of the Council of India is

not required by this Act, the Secretary of State may send the order or communication to the Governor-General in Council or to any Governor in Council or officer or servant in India without submitting it to a meeting of the council or depositing it for the perusal of the members of the council or sending or giving notice of the reasons for making it, if he considers that it is of a nature to require secrecy."

1916.

Government of India (

Act, 1916. Ch. 37.

113

Enactment to be amended. Amendment.

The Government of India Act, 1915 (5 & 6 Geo. 5, c. 61) — eont.

Section 13 (2) - The words " or any of the matters aforesaid " shall be substitnted for the words "or the levying of war, or the making of peace, or negotiations or treaties with any prince or state."

Section 21 - At the end of this section shall be added the words "Provided that a grant or appropriation made in accordance with provisions or restrictions prescribed by the Secretary of State in Council with the concurrence of a majority of votes at a meeting of the council shall be deemed to be made with the concurrence of a majority of such votes."

Section 26 - - The words " twenty-eight days " shall be substituted for the words "fourteen days."

Section 27 (10) - The words " or retiring " shall be inserted after the word "superannuation"; the words "and their legal personal representatives shall, for the purposes of gratuity " shall be inserted after the word "allowance "; and the words "the auditor and his assistants" shall be substituted for the word "they."

Sections 23(1) and 30 (1). The words "or personal" shall be inserted after the word "real, " where secondly occurring, and the words "or otherwise " shall be inserted after the word "mortgage."

Section 28 (2) The word " two " shall be substituted for the word "three."

Sections 63 (3) and 74 (2). The words " any office of profit " shall be substituted for the word "office."

Sections 64 (3). 75(3) and 78(2). The words " or when questions are asked " shall be inserted after the words "any matter of general public interest."

Sections 67 (3) and 80 (3). The words " or when questions are asked " shall be inserted after the words "at any such discussion."

Section 86 (1) The words " and a Lieutenant-Governor in Council " shall be inserted after the words "a Governor in Council."

Section 92 (3) The words "or special duty " shall be inserted after the words "is absent on leave."

Section 94 - The words " or special duty " shall be inserted after the words "absence on leave, " and the words "absence may be permitted " shall be substituted for the words "leave may be granted."

114

Ch. 37.

Government of India ()

Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Enactment to be amended.

Amendment.

The Government of India Act, 1915 (5 &6 Geo. 5, c. 61) — coni.

Section 99 (1) - The words " in British India, " where secondly occur-

ring, shall be repealed.

Section 106 - In this section shall be inserted the following sub-

section:—

" (1 A) The letters patent establishing, or vesting jurisdiction, powers or authority in, a high court may be amended from time to time by His Majesty by further letters patent."

Section 107, pro- The word " law " shall be substituted for the word viso. " Act."

Section 109 (1) Section 110 (1)

Section 114 -

Section 120 -

- The words " any British subject for the time being

within " shall be substituted for the words "Chris-| tian subjects of His Majesty resident in."

- | The words " lieutenant-governor and chief commis-I sioner " shall be inserted after the words "each

governor, " and the words "the executive council of the governor-general or of a governor or lieutenant-governor " shall be substituted for the words "their respective executive councils."

At the end of this section shall be added the following sub-section: —

‘‘(3) On the occurrence of a vacancy in the ! office of advocate-general, or during any absence or deputation of an advocate - general, the Governor-General in Council in the case of Bengal, and the local Government in other cases, may appoint a person to act as advocate-general; and the person so appointed may exercise the powers of an advocate-general until some person has been appointed by His Majesty to the office and has entered on the discharge of his duties, or until the advocate-general has returned from his absence or deputation, as the case may be, or until the Governor-General in Council or the local Government, as the case may be, cancels the acting appointment."

The words " Secretary of State " shall be substituted for the words "Chancellor of the Exchequer"; the words "Madras or Bombay " shall be inserted after the words "Bishop of Calcutta, " where thirdly and fourthly occurring; and the words "to be paid quarterly" and the word "British" shall be re* pealed.

1916.

Government of India ()

Act, 1916. Ch. 37.

115

For the Fifth Schedule shall be substituted the following:—

" Fifth Schedule.

Provisions of this Act which may be Repealed or Altered by the Governor-General in Legislative Council.

Section.

62 ......

106 ...... i

108 (1) ...... j

109 j

no ...... :

i

in ......

112 ......

in (2) ...... :

124 (i) ......;

124 (4) — so far as it relates to | persons employed or concerned in the collection of revenue or the administration of justice.

124 (5) — so far as it relates to persons other than the governor-general, a governor, or a member of the executive council of the governor-general or of a governor.

125 ,

126 ......

128 I

129 '

Subject.

Power to extend limits of presidency towns.

Jurisdiction, powers and authority of high courts.

Exercise of jurisdiction of high court by single judges or division courts.

Power for Governor-General in Council to alter local limits of jurisdiction of high courts, &c.

Exemption from jurisdiction of high courts.

Written order by Governor-General in Council a justification for act in high court.

Law to be administered in cases of inheritance, succession, contract and dealing between party and party.

Powers of advocate-general.

Oppression.

Trading.

Receiving presents.

Loans to princes or chiefs.

Carrying on dangerous correspondence.

Limitation for prosecutions in British India.

Penalties."

Section 181(3).

116

Ch. 37, 38. Government of India ()6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

Section 7 (2).

Power of Board to acquire land for small holding colonies.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

13 Geo. 3. c. 63. The East India Company Act, 1772. Sections forty-two, forty-three and forty-five.

24 Geo. 3. sees. 2, c. 25. The East India Company Act, 1784. The whole Act.

26 Geo. 3. c. 57. The East India Company Act, 1786. The whole Act.

9 Geo. 4., c. 7, 4, - The. Criminal Law (India) Act, 1828. Section fifty-six, except so far as in force in the Straits Settlements.

5 & 6. Geo. 5. c. 61. The Government of India Act, 1915. In section twenty-six, paragraph (d). In section eighty-seven, subsections (2), (3), (4), and (5). Section oue hundred and sixteen.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to provide for the acquisition and management of land by the State for experimental Small Holding Colonies, and to extend the powers of acquisition and management of land by certain Government Departments under the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[23rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) During the continuance of the present war, and a period of twelve months thereafter, the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries (in this Act referred to as " the Board ") for the purpose of providing experimental small holding colonies may, with the consent of the Treasury, acquire by agreement any land which, in the opinion of the Board, is suitable for that purpose.

1916.

Small Holding Colonies Act, 1916. Ch. 38.

117

(2) Where the Board, or a landlord at the request of the Board, terminates a tenancy of land by notice to quit, whether given before or after the passing of this Act, with a view to the use of the land or any part thereof by the Board for the provision of small holdings under this Act, the tenant upon quitting shall be entitled to recover from the Board compensation for the loss or expense directly attributable to the quitting which the tenant may unavoidably incur upon or in connection with the sale or removal of his household goods or his implements of husbandry, produce, or farm stock on or used in connection with the land:

Provided that no compensation shall be payable under this subsection:

(a) unless the tenant has given to the Board a reasonable

opportunity of making a valuation of such goods, implements, produce, and stock as aforesaid; or

(b) if the claim for compensation is not made within three

months after the time at which the tenant quits;

and in the event of any difference arising as to any matter under this subsection the difference shall, in default of agreement, be settled by a single arbitrator in accordance with the Agricultural 8 Edw.7. c. as. Holdings Act, 1908:

Provided also that compensation under the Agricultural 4*6 Geo. 5. Holdings Act, 1914, shall not be payable in any case to which c-7* this subsection applies.

(3) The total area of the land for the time being acquired by the Board for the purposes of this section shall not at any time exceed four thousand five hundred acres in England (excluding Monmouthshire), or two thousand acres in Wales and Monmouthshire, or six thousand acres in all, and in the selection of persons to be settled on the land so acquired the Board shall give preference to persons who have served in the naval or military forces of the Crown in the present war.

(4) For the purpose of the acquisition of land by agreement under this Act, the Lands Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with this Act except the provisions of those Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement and the provisions relating to the sale of superfluous land and the provisions with respect to any lands being common or waste land.

(5) Where a labourer, who has been regularly employed on any land acquired by the Board for the purposes of this Act, proves to the satisfaction of the Board that the effect of the acquisition was to deprive him of his employment, and that there was no employment of an equally beneficial character available to him in the same locality, the Board shall pay to him such compensation as they think just for his loss of employment or for his expenses in moving to another locality, and any sum so paid shall be treated as part of the expenses of the acquisition of the land.

118

Ch. 38.

Power of Board to promote co-operation in connection with small holdings colonies.

Powers in relation to acquisition of land.

Powers of management of land acquired.

9 Edw. 7. c. 47-.

8 Edw. 7.C. 36.

Expenses and receipts of Board.

Small Holding Colonies Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

2. With the consent of, and subject to regulations made by, the Treasury, the Board may promote the formation or extension of societies on a co-operative or co-partnership basis, having for their object, or one of their objects, the establishment or profitable working of holdings provided under this Act, whether in relation to the purchase of requisites, the sale of produce, credit banking, or insurance, or otherwise, and may assist any such society by making grants or advances to the society, or guaranteeing advances made to the society, upon such terms and conditions as to rate of interest and repayment or otherwise, and on such security, as the Board think fit, and the Board where they think fit may transfer to any such society the whole or any portion of any colony of small holdings provided under this Act upon such terms and conditions as the Board may think fit:

Provided that the Board shall not make any such transference except upon such terms as provide for the payment of the full value of the land transferred, as determined by the Beard with the consent of the Treasury.

3. The power of acquiring land conferred on the Board by this Act or the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909, shall include power by agreement to take land on lease or acquire an option of purchasing land or taking land on lease.

4. — (1) The Board shall, in relation to any land acquired by them under this Act or under Part I. of the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909, whether acquired before or after the passing of this Act, have power —

(a) to let or manage the land or improve the same by the

erection of buildings or otherwise;

(b) to enfranchise the land, and to purchase or redeem any

land tax, quit rent, chief rent, tithe rentcharge, or other rentcharge or any perpetual sum issuing out of the land;

(c) subject to compliance with any conditions prescribed by regulations made by the Treasury, or with the consent of the Treasury, to sell or exchange the land, and so that the purchase money on the sale of a small holding to a person willing himself to cultivate the holding may be made payable in periodical instalments or otherwise as the Treasury may direct.

(2) Where a small holding is sold by the Board under this Act the provisions of section twelve of the Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908, relating to a small holding sold by a county council under that Act shall apply as if herein re-enacted with the necessary adaptations.

5. — (1) Any expenses of the Board incurred in the exercise of any of their powers under this Act in relation to land acquired or to be acquired under the Development and Road Improvement

1016.

Small Holding Colonies, 1916. Ch. 38.

119

Funds Act, 1909, shall be defrayed out of any advances made to the Board for the purpose under that Act; and any sums received by the Board in respect of any such land shall be applied as the Treasury may direct.

(2) Any sums expended or received by the Board in pursuance of their powers under this Act in relation to land acquired under this Act, shall be paid out of or into the Small Holdings Account.

6. Where land is purchased or leased under this Act the Particulars of Board shall ascertain and record the annual value thereof as ^ettain^i adopted for rating purposes at the date of such purchase or and recorded, lease, and these particulars, together with the amount of the

price or rent, shall be included in the information set out in the annual report presented to Parliament:

Provided that when the land purchased or leased is part of a larger unit for valuation, particulars shall be given showing the apportionment of the said valuations as between the several portions after severance.

7. — (1) Any person having power (whether subject to any Power to grant consent or conditions or not) to sell land authorised to be

acquired by the Board may. subject to the like consent and perpetual rent.

conditions, grant or demise the land in perpetuity or for any

term of years to the Board at such fee farm or other rent,

secured by such condition of re-entry or otherwise as may be

agreed upon, and with or without a right of renewal, or grant

to the Board an option to acquire the land:

Provided that, where the power to sell arises under the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890, the powers conferred by this section shall be exercised only with the consent of the trustees of the settlement for the purposes of those Acts, or with the sanction of the court.

(2) This section shall extend and apply to land belonging to His Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster, and to land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall.

8. — (1) For the purposes of this Act and the Lands Clauses interpretation Acts as incorporated with this Act the expression "land "

includes any right or easement in or over land, and the expression "small holding " has the same meaning as in the Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908.

(2) The powers conferred by this Act are in addition to and not in substitution for any powers otherwise exerciseable by the Board.

(3) Any person who sells land to the Board or purchases land from the Board or exchanges land with the Board shall not be entitled to require proof of compliance with any conditions prescribed by regulations made by the Treasury, or of the consent of the Treasury, or be affected by any omission to comply with those conditions, or to obtain such consent.

120

Ch. 38, 39. Small Holding Colonies Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Provisions as to solicitor to Board.

9 Geo. 4. c. 25. 6 & 7 Vict.

c. 73.

Annual report of proceedings to Parliament.

Application to Scotland.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 49.

Short title and extent.

5 4c 6 Geo. 5. c. 1.

9. The Revenue Solicitors Act, 1828, and section forty-seven of the Solicitors Act, 1843 (which relate to solicitors of various Government departments), shall extend and apply to the solicitor of the Board in like manner as they apply to the solicitors of the Government departments therein mentioned.

10. The Board shall present to Parliament an annual report of their proceedings under this Act which shall include a statement of the financial position of each colony.

11. This Act shall apply to Scotland, subject to the following modifications: —

(a) " The Board of Agriculture for Scotland " shall be substituted for " the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, " " arbiter " shall be substituted for " arbitrator, " " the " Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1908, " shall be substituted for "the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908, " " the Agricultural (Scotland) Fund " shall be substituted for " the Small Holdings Account, " " easement" means servitude, and "small holding" means a small holding as defined in section thirty-three of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Act, 1911:

(b) Paragraph (b) of section four and sections seven and nine

of this Act shall not apply:

(c) The total area of the land for the time being acquired by

the Board of Agriculture for Scotland for the purpose of section one of this Act shall not at any time exceed two thousand acres, of which three-fourths shall consist of land suitable to be cultivated as arable land.

12. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Small Holding Colonies Act, 1916.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Treaty Act, 1914.

[23rd August 1916.]

WHEREAS the treaty of commerce and navigation set out’’ in the Schedule to the Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Treaty Act, 1914 (hereinafter referred to as the "principal Act "), has not been ratified, and in order to give effect to the intention of the said treaty it is expedient further to limit the use of the description " port " as applied to wine:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1916. Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Ch. 39, 40. 121

Treaty Act, 1916.

1. — (1) The description " port " applied to wine the produce FurtherUmita-of Portugal, imported into the United Kingdom after the com- deicrip* mencement of this Act, shall be deemed to be a false trade tion " port." description within the meaning of the Merchandise Marks Act, so si Vict. 1887, if the wine on importation into the United Kingdom was c. 28.

not accompanied by a certificate issued by the competent Portuguese authorities to the effect that it was a wine to which by the law of Portugal the description " port " may be applied, and that Act shall have effect accordingly:

Provided that it shall be a good defence to any proceedings under that Act in respect of such a description as aforesaid if it is proved that the wine to which the description is applied is intended solely for exportation from the United Kingdom.

(2) This provision is in addition to and not in derogation of any of the provisions contained in the principal Act.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Anglo-Portuguese short title, Commercial Treaty Act, 1916, and the principal Act and this

Act may be cited together as the Anglo-Portuguese Commercial ment. Treaty Acts, 1914 and 1916.

(2) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of one month after the date of the passing of this Act.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1915, with respect to the construction and maintenance of telegraphic lines.

[23rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. If the owner, lessee, or occupier of any land or building User of lend refuses or fails to give his consent to the placing of a telegraphic J"rdtewSlphic line under, in, upon, over, along or across the land or building lines, within two months after being required to do so by notice from the Postmaster-General, a difference shall be deemed to have arisen between the Postmaster-General and that owner, lessee, or occupier, and sections three, four and five of the Telegraph 41 & 42 Vict. Act, 1878, shall apply accordingly as if it were a difference c*76* arising un ler that Act:

Provided that the tribunal to which the difference is referred under these sections shall not give its consent to the placing of the line unless satisfied that such refusal or failure is contrary to the public interest; and in deciding whether to give its consent or to impose any terms, conditions, or stipulations, including the carrying of any portion of the line underground,

122

Ch. 40. Telegraph (Construction) Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

26 & 27 Vict,

c. 112.

Amendment of section of 55 & 66 Vict. c. 59.

Application of 8 Edw. 7. c. 33. ss. 3 and 6.

Restriction on power of entry for construction and maintenance.

Interpretation, notices, repeal, extent, uiul short title.

52 k53 Vict,

c. 34.

the tribunal shall, among other considerations, have regard to the effect, if any, on the amenities or value of the land of the placing of the line in the manner proposed:

Provided also that, subject as aforesaid, all the provisions of the Telegraph Act, 1863, shall apply in the case of the exercise of any powers authorised to be exercised under this section, and such owner, lessee, or occupier, shall have and enjoy all the benefits of such provisions.

2. The proviso to subsection (1) of section four of the Telegraph Act, 1892 (which relates to telegraphic lines constructed irregularly or by persons other than the Postmaster-General), shall extend and apply to a telegraphic line placed under, in, upon, over, along or across any land or building, as well as to a telegraphic line constructed under or along a street or public road.

3. Section three and section six of the Telegraph (Construction) Act, 1908 (which relate to public recreation grounds and the determination of differences), shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act.

4. Before entering on land or buildings for the purpose of the construction or maintenance of any telegraphic line the Postmaster-General shall, except in case of emergency, endeavour to make an arrangement with the occupier of the land as to the times of entry for such purpose, and if any difference arises between the Postmaster-General and the occupier it shall be determined in manner aforesaid.

6. — (1) In this Act any expressions to which a special meaning is attached under the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1915, or any of them, shall have the same respective meanings in this Act.

(2) Section twelve of the Telegraph Act, 1878 (which relates to the printing, authentication and service of notices and other documents), shall apply, for the purposes of this Act, as it applies for the purposes of that Act.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(4) This Act and the Telegraph (Construction) Act, 1908, shall extend to the Isle of Man as if they were Telegraph Acts to which the Telegraph (Isle of Man) Act, 1889, applies.

(5) This Act may be cited as the Telegraph (Construction) Act, 1916, and may be cited with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1915.

1916.

Telegraph (Construction), 1916. Ch. 40, 41.

123

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. j Extent of Repeal. 1

55 & 56 Vict. I The Telegraph Act, 1892 - Section two.

c. 59. !

8 Edw. 7. c. 33 The Telegraph (Construc-; Sections one and four.

i tion) Act, 1908.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to authorise the recovery of salvage in respect of services rendered by certain ships belonging to His Majesty.

[23rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where salvage services are rendered by any ship belonging to His Majesty and that ship is a ship specially equipped with salvage plant, or is a tug, the Admiralty shall, notwithstanding anything contained in section five hundred and fifty-seven of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, be entitled to claim salvage on behalf of His Majesty for such services, and shall have the same rights and remedies as if the ship rendering such services did not belong to His Majesty.

2. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping (Salvage) Act, 1916, and shall be construed as one with the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1914, and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1916.

I

Section 5 (3).

Right of Admiralty to claim salvage in respect of services of certain ship*.

Short title and construction.

124

Ch. 42.

Extension of the British Ships (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1916.

5 Geo. 6. c. 21.

British Ships (Transfer Restriction) 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to amend and extend the British Ships (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1915.

[23rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The British Ships (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1915 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), is hereby extended so as to apply to mortgages (including transfers of mortgages) of ships made after the tenth day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen as it applies to transfers of ships, and shall apply to mortgages (including transfers of mortgages) and transfers of ships to foreign controlled companies made after the tenth day of August nineteen hundred and sixteen as it applies to transfers of ships to persons not qualified to own a British ship.

(2) The expression "foreign controlled company" means any corporation —

(a)where the majority of the directors, or persons occupying the position of directors by whatever name called, are not British subjects; or

(b) where the majority of the voting power is in the hands of persons who are not British subjects, or who exercise their voting powers directly or indirectly on behalf of persons who are not British subjects; or

(c) where the control is by any other means whatever in the hands of persons who are not British subjects; or (d) where the executive is a foreign controlled company, or where the majority of the executive are appointed by a foreign controlled company.

A corporation shall not be deemed to be a British subject for the purposes of this section unless it is established in and subject to the laws of some part of His Majesty's Dominions or of some British Protectorate, and has its principal place of business therein.

(3) The Board of Trade may require any person who is the owner or mortgagee of a British ship, or who applies to be registered as the owner or mortgagee of a British ship, to furnish to the Board such particulars as appear necessary to the Board for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not that person is, or is a trustee for, or otherwise represents, a foreign controlled company, and, in the case of a corporation, may also require the secretary, or any other officer of the corporation performing the duties of secretary to furnish those particulars.

If any person fails to supply such particulars as it is in his power to give when required, or furnishes particulars which are false in any material particular, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

1916.

British Ships (! Transfer Restriction) Ch. 42, 43. 125

Act, 1916.

2. Where, after the passing of this Act, any person who is Forfeiture of the owner or mortgagee of a British ship ceases to be a British

subject or becomes a foreign controlled company, that ship, or, cu‘comi oe8' in the case of a mortgagee of a ship, the interest of the mortgagee, shall be subject to forfeiture under Part I. of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894. 68 Vict-

3. — (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, interpretation,

any reference to a ship shall include a reference to a share in

a ship. short title.

(2) The principal Act and this Act shall have effect during the continuance of the present war and a period of three years thereafter, and subsection (2) of section three of the principal Act is hereby extended accordingly.

(3) This Act may be cited as the British Ships (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1916, and shall be read as one with the principal Act, and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the British Ships (Transfer Restriction) Acts, 1915 and 1916.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to provide for the Registration of Charities for purposes connected with the present War.

[23rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) It shall not be lawful to make any appeal to the Prohibition public for donations or subscriptions in money or in kind to any war

war charity as herein-after defined, or to raise or attempt to charities unless raise money for any such charity by promoting any bazaar, sale, registered, entertainment or exhibition, or by any similar means, unless the charity is registered under this Act and the approval in writing of the committee or other governing body of the charity has been obtained, either directly or through any person duly authorised to give such approval on behalf of such governing body, and if any person contravenes the provisions of this section he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act:

Provided that this Act shall not apply to any collection at divine service in a place of public worship nor to any charity which may, under any regulations made under this Act, be exempted by the registration authority from the provisions of this section.

(2) This section, so far as it relates to registration, shall not apply to any charity until the expiration of one month after the passing of this Act, nor to any charity pending the decision of

1 2

126

Ch. 43.

War Charities Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

the registration authority on an application for the registration of such charity made within such month.

Registration of 2. — (1) The registration authority shall —

war chanties. (a) as respects the City of London, be the Mayor, Aider-

men, and Commons of the City of London in common council assembled;

(b) as respects a municipal borough or urban district, be

the council of the borough or district;

(c) elsewhere, be the county council:

Provided that any such council may act through a committee of the council, which may, if the council think fit, comprise persons (including women) who are not members of the council.

(2) Applications for registration or exemption under this Act shall be sent to the registration authority for the area in which the administrative centre of the charity is situate, and any question as to where the administrative centre of any charity is situate shall be finally determined by the Charity Commissioners.

(3) The registration authority may, before registering any charity, make such inquiries with respect to the charity as they think fit, but shall not refuse to register any charity having its administrative centre within the area of the authority unless they are satisfied that the charity is not established in good faith for charitable purposes, or will not comply with the conditions imposed by this Act, or that it will not be properly administered.

(4) An appeal from a refusal by a registration authority to register any charity shall lie to the Charity Commissioners, and, if as the result of such appeal the Charity Commissioners determine that the application for registration ought not to be refused, the registration authority shall register the charity.

(5) Every registration authority shall give to each charity registered or exempted a certificate of registration or exemption, and shall keep a register of the charities registered by them under this Act, and lists of all charities registration of which has been refused by them and of all charities which have been exempted from registration by them, and shall send to the Charity Commissioners a copy of such register and such lists, and shall from time to time notify the Charity Commissioners of any changes in the particulars entered in the register and of changes in such lists.

(6) The Charity Commissioners shall keep a combined register of all charities registered under this Act, and a combined list of ail charities in respect of which applications for registration under this Act have been refused, and a combined list of all charities which have been exempted from registration under this Act.

(7) Any expenses incurred by a council as registration authority under this Act may be paid out Of any fund or rate out of which the expenses of the council are payable.

1916.

War Charities, 1916. Ch. 43.

127

(8) Any expenses incurred by the London County Council under this Act shall be defrayed out of the county fund as expenses for general county purposes.

3. Charities registered under this Act shall comply with the following conditions —

(i) the charity shall be administered by a responsible committee or other body consisting of not less than three persons; and minutes shall be kept of the meetings of the committee or other body in which shall be recorded the names of the members of the committee or other body attending the meetings;

(ii) proper books of account shall be kept, and such accounts

shall include the total receipts and the total expenditure of any collection, bazaar, sale, entertainment, or exhibition held with the approval of the governing body of the charity, and the accounts shall be audited at such intervals as may be prescribed by regulations under this Act by some person or persons approved by the registration authority, and copies of the accounts so audited shall be sent to the registration authority;

(iii) all moneys received by the charity shall be paid into a

separate account at such bank or banks as may be specified as respects the charity in the register;

(iv) such particulars with regard to accounts and other

records as the registration authority or the Charity Commissioners may require shall be furnished to the registration authority or the Charity Commissioners, and the books and accounts of the charity shall be open to inspection at any time by any person duly authorised by the registration authority or by the Charity Commissioners. 4

4. The Charity Commissioners may, subject to the approval of the Secretary of State, make regulations —

(a) prescribing the forms for applications under this Act and

the particulars to be contained therein;

(b) prescribing the form of the registers to be kept under

this Act and the particulars to be entered therein;

(c) providing for the inspection of registers and lists kept

under this Act, and the making and the furnishing and certification of copies thereof and extracts therefrom;

(d) prescribing the fee (not exceeding ten shillings) to be

paid on registration, and the fees for making or obtaining copies of, and extracts from, registers and lists;

(e) requiring notification to the registration authority of

any changes requiring alterations in the particulars entered in the register;

Conditions tot be complied with by registered charities.

Regulations.

128

Ch. 43.

War Charities Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Removal from the register.

23 & 24 Vict,

c. 136.

Powers of Charity Commissioners for purposes of appeals.

(f) providing for the exemption of charities from this Act and prescribing the grounds of exemption;

(g) generally for carrying this Act into effect.

5. — (1) The registration authority, if satisfied that any charity registered under this Act is not being carried on in good faith for charitable purposes, or is not complying with any of the conditions imposed under this Act, or is not being properly administered, may remove the charity from the register, and shall notify such removal to the Charity Commissioners, and if they so remove it shall give public notice, of its removal:

Provided that an appeal shall lie to the Charity Commissioners against the decision of the registration authority to remove a charity from the register.

(2) Where any charity is removed from the register the Charity Commissioners may, notwithstanding that an appeal is pending —

(a) order any bank or other person who holds money or

securities on behalf of the charity not to part with such money or securities without the authority of the Commissioners;

(b) order any cash or securities held for any such charity

to be paid or transferred to the Official Trustees of Charitable Funds and for that purpose may make, without any application to them for the purpose, any such order as they are authorised under section two of the Charitable Trusts Act, 1860, to make;

and if any person fails to comply with any such order he shall, without prejudice to any other liability, be guilty of an offence against this Act.

(3) The Charity Commissioners may also, where a charity is removed from the register, establish a scheme for the regulation of the charity in accordance with their ordinary jurisdiction under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1914, as if the charity were a charity within the jurisdiction of the Commissioners under those Acts, but without the necessity of any application being made for the purpose.

6. For the purposes of an appeal imder this Act the Charity Commissioners shall, in relation to charities registered or applying to be registered imder this Act, have all such powers with respect to requiring accounts, statements, written answers to inquiries, the attendance of persons for examination on oath or otherwise, the production of documents, the furnishing of copies and extracts from documents, the examination of registers and records, and the transmission of documents for examination, as are exerciseable by them under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1914, in relation to charities within the jurisdiction of the Commissioners under those Acts, and those Acts shall apply accordingly.

1916.

War Charities, 1916. Ch. 43.

129

7. — (1) Where the Charity Commissioners are satisfied on Power* at to the representation of the registration authority or a chief officer ^"^chariUes. of police that there is reasonable ground for believing that any unregistered war charity is not being or has not been carried on

in good faith for charitable purposes, or is not complying or has not complied with conditions substantially corresponding with the conditions imposed on registered charities under this Act, or is not being or has not been properly administered, the Commissioners may exercise as respects the charity any of the powers which are exerciseable by them with respect to a charity which, having been registered under this Act, has been removed from the register, and for the purpose of an inquiry into any charity under this section the Charity Commissioners shall have such powers in relation to the charity as are conferred by this Act on the Commissioners for the purposes of appeals:

Provided that the Charity Commissioners shall not exercise the power of establishing a scheme for the regulation of any charity under this section without giving the charity a full opportunity of being heard.

(2) This section shall apply to unregistered war charities whether or not an application for registration has been made, and to war charities registration of which has been refused.

8. If any person in any application for registration or False state-exemption or in any notification of any change requiring altera- ment»*°* dons in the registered particulars makes any false statement or

false representation, or if any person falsely represents himself to be an officer or agent of a war charity, or if he fails to eend any notification which he is required under this Act to send, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

9. — (1) Any person guilty of an offence against this Act Penalties for shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding offenoC8» one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment with or without hard

labour for a term not exceeding three months.

(2) No proceedings for an offence against this Act shall be instituted except by or with the consent of the Charity Commissioners.

10. For the purposes of this Act — Interpretation.

The expression "war charity" means any fund, institution, or association (whether established before or after

the commencement of this Act) having for its object or amongst its objects the relief of suffering or distress, the supply of needs or comforts, or any other charitable purpose connected with the present war, but shall not include any fund, institution or association established before the commencement of the present war where any such object as aforesaid is subsidiary only to the principal purposes of the charity, nor shall it include the Royal Patriotic Fund Corporation or the Statutory Committee or any local or district committee established

130

Ch. 43.

War Charities Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

6 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 83.

Application to Scotland.

67 & 68 Vict. c. 58.

Short title and extent.

under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c., Act, 1915.

Any question whether a charity is a war charity shall be finally determined by the Charity Commissioners.

11. This Act shall apply to Scotland, subject to the following modifications: —

(a) The Local Government Board for Scotland (herein-after

referred to as the Board) shall be substituted for the Secretary of State, and the Charity Commissioners respectively.

(b) A royal, parliamentary or police burgh, and the town

council thereof, shall be substituted for a municipal borough or urban district and the council thereof respectively.

(c) Paragraph (6) of subsection (2) and subsection (3) of

the section of this Act relating to removal from the register, and the section relating to the powers of the Charity Commissioners for the purposes of appeals, shall not apply, and in lieu thereof the following provisions shall be substituted, that is to say:— The Board may order any cash or securities held for any such charity to be paid or transferred to the Board or to such bank or other person as the Board may direct; and may frame a scheme providing for the future management of the charity and for the appointment of trustees to manage the same, or order that the charity be discontinued and that the funds be paid over to some registered charity having similar objects, or be otherwise applied as the order may direct, and if any person fails to comply with any such order he shall without prejudice to any other liability be guilty of an offence against this Act.

(d) Subsection (2) of the section of this Act relating to

penalties for offences shall not apply.

(e) For the purposes of this Act the Board may make such

inquiry as they think necessary and shall (except as regards costs) have the like powers in regard to any such inquiry as they have under section twenty-five of the local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, for the purposes of that section.

12, — (1) This Act may be cited as the War Charities Act,

1916.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Ireland: Provided that if either House of Parliament presents an address to His Majesty praying that this Act shall apply to Ireland it shall be lawful for His Majesty by Order in Council to extend this Act to Ireland, subject to such modification and adaptation as may be specified in the Order.

1916.

Parliament and Local Elections

Act, 1916. Ch. 44.

131

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the Parliament and Registration Act,

1916; and to extend the Elections and Registration Act,

1915, with respect to elections of local authorities and other bodies; and the revision of jurors’ lists in Ireland.

[23rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Subsection (1) of section one of the Parliament and Further Registration Act, 1916, shall have effect as if six years and three months were substituted therein for five years and eight Parliament, months. 6 * Geo. 5-

C. lw.

2. — (1) The next statutory elections of county and borough Further post councillors, district councillors, guardians, and parish councillors, and of members of school boards in Scotland, shall be postponed, 6 & 6 Geo. 5. or, in the case of elections already postponed under the Elections c-76* and Registration Act, 1915, further postponed, for a year; and the term of office of the existing councillors, guardians, and members shall accordingly be extended, or further extended, by one year.

This provision shall apply only where the next statutory election (whether a postponed election or not) would take place before the first day of June nineteen hundred and seventeen, or in Ireland before the twentieth day of May nineteen hundred and seventeen.

(2) Subsections (3), (4), (5) and (6) of section one of the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, shall apply to the foregoing subsection as they apply to the provisions of that section with the substitution of the year nineteen hundred and seventeen for the year nineteen hundred and sixteen.

(3) Section seventeen of the Local Government (Emergency 6 & 7 Geo. 5. Provisions) Act, 1916 (which amends the Elections and Registra- c. 12.

tion Act, 1915, with respect to casual vacancies), shall have effect as if this Act were mentioned as well as the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, in subsection (1) thereof, and as if two years were substituted for one year in subsection (2) thereof.

(4) Section thirty-six of the Municipal Corporations Act, & 46 Vict, 1882, and any other enactment making the payment of a fine c' 50 *

a condition of resigning any office, shall not have effect so as to require the payment of a fine in the case of a councillor, guardian, or member or elective officer of a local or other body who resigns any office after the date on which his term of office would, but for the provisions of the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, or this Act, have expired.

---

132 Ch. 44, 45. Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(5) Nothing in this section shall operate to continue in Scotland any councillor in the office of bailie beyond the date at which he would in ordinary course have retired as a councillor.

[Removal of restriction as to steps to be taken for preparation of registers.]

3. Notwithstanding anything in section two of the Parliament and Registration Act, 1916, or any other Act, any steps may be taken in September and October for the purpose of the preparation of a new parliamentary and local government register of electors as are required to be taken under the Acts relating to the registration of electors in April and May, but should a dissolution of Parliament take place before any Act for the preparation of a new parliamentary register has been passed and such register has been brought into force, the Parliament so elected shall exist for a period not exceeding two years.

[Revision of jurors’ lists in Ireland.]

4. Jurors’ lists in Ireland shall be revised in the present year in the same manner in which they were revised in the year nineteen hundred and fifteen, and accordingly subsection (2) of section four of the Elections and Registration Act, 1915, shall apply for the purposes of the revision in the present year as it applied for the purposes of the revision in the year nineteen hundred and fifteen.

[Short title and construction.]

5. This Act may be cited as the Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1916, and section two of this Act shall be construed as one with the Elections and Registration Act, 1915.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to assimilate the Time adopted for use in Ireland to that adopted for use in Great Britain.

[23rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Time in Ireland.]

1. As from two o’clock in the morning, Dublin mean time, on Sunday the first day of October nineteen hundred and sixteen, the time for general purposes in Ireland shall be the same as the time for general purposes in Great Britain both during the periods when

[6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 14.]

the Summer Time Act, 1916, is in force and at all other times, and accordingly the enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act shall, as from the same

1916. Time (Ireland) Act, 1916. Ch. 45, 46. 133

date, be repealed to the extent specified in the third column to that schedule.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Time (Ireland) Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. - - Extent of Repeal.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 9. 1 - The Statutes (Definition of Time), Act, 1880. - In section one the words "in the case of Great Britain," and the words "and in the case of Ireland, Dublin mean time."

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 14. - The Summer Time Act, 1916. - In subsection (1) of section one the words "in Great Britain" and subsection (4) of the same section.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to amend the Law and the Procedure of Civil Courts in Ireland, in relation to conditions arising out of the recent disturbances in that country.

[23rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

---

[Amendment

1. — (1) The period commencing on the beginning of the twenty-fourth day of April nineteen hundred and sixteen and ending at the end of the eighth day of May nineteen hundred p ure* and sixteen shall not be reckoned, and shall be deemed never to have been reckoned, in computing the times limited for the doing of any act or the taking of any proceeding in any court in Ireland, and where any such act or proceeding is directed or allowed to be done on a certain day, if that day was a day within the period aforesaid, the act or proceeding shall be considered as done or taken in due time if it was done or taken before the end of the ninth day of May nineteen hundred and sixteen.

(2) Where the court is satisfied on an application made within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner that by

134

Ch. 46.

Law and Procedure (Emerge6 7 Geo. 5.

Provisions) (Ireland) Act, 1916.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 78.

reason of the recent disturbances in Ireland any person has been or is unable to do an act or take a proceeding within the time limited in that behalf by any statute, order, rule, regulation, deed, or agreement, the court may grant such extension of time and such further or other relief upon such terms and in such manner as appears to the court to be equitable.

(3) Where any original document required to be filed, enrolled or lodged in any public office has been lost or destroyed in the course of the recent disturbances in Ireland, the High Court or a judge of that court may on the application of any person interested by order authorise the filing, enrolment or lodgment of a properly authenticated copy of the document in lieu of the original within such time as may be fixed by the order, and that copy shall thereupon be deemed to be the original for all purposes and to be duly filed, enrolled or lodged if filed, enrolled or lodged within the time so fixed.

(4) Subject to rules made under this Act the powers and jurisdiction of the High Court with respect to the perpetuation of testimony shall extend to and may be exercised for the perpetuation of the testimony afforded by any muniment of title or other document which has been lost, destroyed or damaged in the course of the recent disturbances in Ireland whether the right or claim of the person instituting proceedings is a present right or claim or depends upon the happening of some future event.

(5) Subsections (2) and (3) of section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914, shall be amended by the insertion of the words "or to the recent disturbances in Ireland " after the words "present war " wherever the latter words occur in those subsections.

(6) No claim for compensation under any of the enactments relative to compensation for criminal or malicious injuries shall lie against a local authority in respect of any injury to person or property sustained in the course of the recent disturbances in Ireland.

(7) In any action or proceeding for the recovery of a deed or other document, or for damages for its loss or non-production, it shall be a sufficient defence if it is proved that the deed or other document, being at the time of the commencement of the recent disturbances in Ireland in the possession or under the control of a person entitled to have the possession or control thereof, was lost or destroyed in the course and as a result of those disturbances.

(8) The Lord Chancellor may make such rules and give such directions as he thinks fit for the purpose of giving full effect to the provisions of this Act.

(9) ThiB Act shall not apply to criminal matters or proceedings.

1916. Law and Procedure (Ch. 46, 47. 136

Provisions) (Ireland) Act, 1916.

(10) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — the expression "the court, " as respects matters and proceedings pending in the county court and as respects matters and proceedings within the jurisdiction of the county court and not pending in any other court, means the county court; as respects matters and proceedings pending in a court of quarter sessions, means the court of quarter sessions; and as respects all other matters and proceedings, means the High Court or a judge of that court; and the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by rules under this section.

2. This Act may be cited as the Law and Procedure citation and (Emergency Provisions) (Ireland) Act, 1916, and shall apply extent* to Ireland only.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to facilitate the Investment of Savings in Securities issued for the purposes of the present War by means of the establishment of Municipal Savings Banks.

[23rd August 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For the purpose of facilitating the investment of Power of savings in securities issued for the purposes of the present war it shall be lawful for any council to which this section applies, e*tabii*h with the consent of the Treasury, after consultation with the bank*.

Local Government Board, or in the case of Scotland with the Secretary for Scotland, to establish and maintain a savings bank, and to receive at that bank deposits, and to guarantee the payment of interest on and the repayment of such deposits, and for that purpose to charge such rate or fund out of which any of the expenses of the council are payable as may be prescribed by regulations made under this section, subject, however, to the following conditions:

(a) the bank shall not receive any deposits except from persons in the employment of some other person and made through their employers either by way of deductions from wages or otherwise, nor shall the bank receive any deposit which makes the sum standing in the name of any depositor in the bank exceed two hundred pounds;

(b) the bank shall not be carried on (otherwise than for the purpose of winding it up) after the expiration of

136

Ch. 47.

Municipal Savings Banks 6 & 7 Geo. 5. (War Loan Investment) A, 1916.

[Short title.]

three months from the termination of the present war;

(c) all sums belonging to the bank, except such as are

required to meet current liabilities, shall be invested through the National Debt Commissioners in such of the following securities issued for the purposes of the present war as those Commissioners think fit, that is to say, either in Treasury bills or in advances to the Treasury of sums which the Treasury may borrow for the purpose of raising any sum which they are authorised to issue out of the Consolidated Fund under any Consolidated Fund Act or Appropriation Act;

(d) interest shall be paid by the National Debt Commissioners to the bank on the balance from time to time standing to the credit of the bank at such rate as may from time to time be determined by the Treasury having regard to the interest earned on the sums so invested;

(e) the accounts of the bank shall be kept separate from all

other accounts of the council, and shall be audited in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations made under this section, and no money paid into the bank shall be used for any purpose of the council other than the bank;

(f) the rate of interest payable on deposits shall be subject to the approval of the Treasury;

(g) the aggregate amount of the sums which a depositor

may withdraw in any period of seven days without giving seven days’ notice, shall be limited to one pound;

(h) the bank shall be carried on in accordance with such

regulations as the Treasury, after consultation with the Local Government Board, or in the case of Scotland with the Secretary for Scotland, may prescribe.

(2) Regulations made by the Treasury under this section may apply, with or without modification, any of the provisions (including penal provisions) contained in the enactments relating to savings banks, but, save as so applied, those enactments shall not apply to a savings bank established under this section.

(3) The councils to which this section applies are the councils of municipal boroughs in England, and royal, parliamentary, and police burghs in Scotland, having a population, according to the census of nineteen hundred and eleven, of not less than two hundred and fifty thousand.

2. This Act may be cited as the Municipal Savings Banks (War Loan Investment) Act, 1916.

1916.

Consolidated Fund (No. 5), 1916. Ch. 48.

137

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and fifteen and one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.

[31st October 1916.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund i^ue 120/.

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and consolidated apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty Fund for the for the service of the year ended on the thirty-first day of Bervice the March one thousand nine hundred and fifteen the sum of one 31st March hundred and twenty pounds. 19*5-

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund issue of

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and out of Ohe^ apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty Consolidated for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, the sum of ending6 three hundred and thirty million six hundred and thirty thousand 3Ut March two hundred and eighty-three pounds. 1917 '

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for the

issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to

and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasiny on the mWm credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the

whole three hundred and thirty million six hundred and thirty thousand four hundred and three pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and section six

of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of 40 & 41 Vict, bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills. c. 2.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

K

138 Ch. 48, 49. Consolidated Fund (No. 5), 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5-

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

short title. 4. This Act may be cited as' the Consolidated Fund (No. 5)

Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to amend the Form of Warrant of Execution on Extracts of Decrees of the Court of Session, and to provide for the means of making and the authentication of such Extracts.

[31st October 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Form of war. 1. In every extract of a decree pronounced or to be prosecution in nouuced by the Court of Session on which execution may extracts of competently proceed, the principal extractor or assistant extractor Court of Ses- shall insert a warrant for execution in the form or as nearly as sion decrees, be in the form of the schedule to this Act annexed, and it shall be lawful by virtue of such warrant to arrest the readiest goods, debtB, and sums of money of the debtor or obligant mentioned in such extract in payment and satisfaction of the sum or sums of money or obligation or obligations therein specified, as also to charge the debtor or obligant therein mentioned to pay the sum or sums of money or to perform the obligation or obligations therein specified within the appropriate days of charge under the pain of poinding and of imprisonment so far as competent, the terms of payment or implement being first come and byegone; and if he fail to obey the said charge, then so far as competent to apprize, poind and distrain all his readiest goods, gear and other effects in payment and satisfaction of the said sum or sums or obligation or obligations, and if necessary for effecting the said poinding to open shut and lockfast places.

Means of 2. Extracts of decrees of the Court of Session may be

making and partly or wholly written, type-written, printed, engraved or

of extract?011 lithographed, and every such extract shall be signed on the last page thereof by the principal or assistant extractor, and no further signature on any other page thereof shall be necessary, but each sheet of every such extract shall be impressed with an office seal or stamp to be kept in the office of the extractor: Provided that it shall be necessary and sufficient in the case of any marginal addition occurring in any extract that the same

1916.

Court of Session)

Act, 1910. Ch. 49, 50.

139

shall be authenticated by the signature of the principal or assistant extractor certifying such extract.

3. This Act may be cited as the Court of Session (Extracts) short title and Act, 1916, and shall apply to Scotland only. extent

SCHEDULE.

And the said Lords grant warrant for all lawful execution hereon.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to consolidate and simplify the Law relating to Larceny triable on Indictment and Kindred Offences.

[31st October 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purposes of this Act — Definition.

(1) A person steals who, without the consent of the owner,

fraudulently and without a claim of right made in good faith, takes and carries away anything capable of being stolen with intent, at the time of such taking, permanently to deprive the owner thereof:

Provided that a person may be guilty of stealing any such thing notwithstanding that he has lawful possession thereof, if, being a bailee or part owner thereof, he fraudulently converts the same to his own use or the use of any person other than the owner:

(2) — (i) the expression "takes" includes obtaining the

possession —

(a) by any trick;

(b) by intimidation;

(e) under a mistake on the part of the owner with knowledge on the part of the taker that possession has been so obtained;

(d) by finding, where at the time of the finding the finder believes that the owner can be discovered by taking reasonable steps;

(ii) the expression "carries away " includes any removal of anything from the place which it occupies, but in the case of a thing attached, only if it has been completely detached;

140

Ch. 50.

* Larceny, 1916,

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Simple

larceny.

Larceny of cattle.

Killing animals with intent to steal.

Larceny, &c., of dogs.

(iii) the expression "owner " includes any part owner, or person having possession or control of, or a special property in, anything capable of being stolen:

(3) Everything which has value and, is the property of any person, and if adhering to the realty then after severance therefrom, shall be capable of being stolen:

Provided that —

(a) save as hereinafter expressly provided with respect to fixtures, growing things, and ore from mines, anything attached to or forming part of the realty shall not be capable of being stolen by the person who severs the same from the realty, unless after severance he has abandoned possession thereof; and

(b) the carcase of a creature wild by nature and not reduced into possession while living shall not be capable of being stolen by the person who has killed such creature, unless after killing it he has abandoned possession of the carcase.

2. Stealing for which no special punishment is provided under this or any other Act for the time being in force shall be simple larceny and a felony punishable with penal servitude for any term not exceeding five years, and the offender, if a male under the age of sixteen years, shall be liable to be once privately whipped in addition to any other punishment to which he may by law be liable.

3. Every person who steals any horse, cattle, or sheep shall be guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding fourteen years.

4. Every person who wilfully kills any animal with intent to steal the carcase skin, or any part of the animal killed, shall be guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof liable to the same punishment as if he had stolen such animal, provided that the offence of stealing the animal so killed would have amounted to felony.

5. Every person who —

(1) steals any dog after a previous summary conviction of

any such offence; or

(2) unlawfully has in his possession or on his premises

any stolen dog, or the skin thereof, knowing such dog or skin to have been stolen, after a previous summary conviction of any such offence; or

(3) corruptly takes any money or reward, directly or

indirectly, under pretence or upon account of aiding any person to recover any stolen dog, or any dog

1916.

Larceny Act, 1916. Ch. 50.

141

which is in the possession of any person not being the owner thereof; shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and on conviction thereof liable to imprisonment for any term not exceeding eighteen months, with or without hard labour.

6. Every person who steals any will, codicil, or other testa- Larceny of mentary instrument, either of a dead or of a living person, shall wlU *

be guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for life.

7. Every person who steals the whole or any part of — Urccny of

/, v, p i ii documents of

(1) any document of title to lands; or title to land

(2) any record, writ, return, panel, petition, process, legal

interrogatory, deposition, aflidavit, rule, order, 'ocumont8, warrant of attorney, or any original document of or belonging to any court of record, or relating to any cause or matter, civil or criminal, begun, depending, or terminated in any such court; or

(3) any original document relating to the business of any

office or employment under His Majesty, and being or remaining in any office appertaining to any court of justice, or in any of His Majesty's castles, palaces, or houses, or in any government or public office;

shall be guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding five years.

8. Every person who —

(1) Steals, or, with intent to steal, rips cuts severs

breaks —

(a) any glass or woodwork belonging to any building; or

(b) any metal or utensil or fixture, fixed in or to any building; or

(c) anything made of metal fixed in any land being private property, or as a fence to any dwelling-house, garden or area, or in any square or street, or in any place dedicated to public use or ornament, or in any burial-ground:

(2) Steals, or, with intent to 6teal, cuts, breaks, roots up

or otherwise destroys or damages the whole or any part of any tree, sapling, shrub, or undemood growing —

(a) in any place whatsoever, the value of the article stolen or the injury done being to the amount of one shilling at the least, after two previous summary convictions of any such offence; or

(b) in any park, pleasure ground, garden, orchard, or avenue, or in any ground adjoining or belonging to any dwelling-house, the value of

Damaging qj. fixtures, trees. See., with intent to steal.

142

Ch. 50.

Larceny of goods in process of manufacture.

Abstracting of electricity.

Larceny, kc. of ore from mines.

Larceny of postal packets, &c.

Larceny in

dwelling-

houses.

Larceny Act, 1016. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

the article stolen or the injury done exceeding the amount of one pound; or

(c) in any place whatsoever, the value of the article stolen or the injury done exceeding the amount of five pounds:

(3) Steals, or with intent to steal, destroys or damages any plant, root, fruit, or vegetable production growing in any garden, orchard, pleasure ground, nursery-ground, hothouse, greenhouse or conservatory, after a previous summary conviction of any such offence;

shall be guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof liable to be punished as in the case of simple larceny.

9. Every person who steals, to the value of ten shillings, any woollen, linen, hempen or cotton yarn, or any goods or article of silk, woollen, linen, cotton, alpaca or mohair, or of any one or more of those materials mixed with each other, or mixed with any other material, whilst laid, placed or exposed, during any stage, process or progress of manufacture in any building, field or other place, shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding fourteen years.

10. Every person who maliciously or fraudulently abstracts, causes to be wasted or diverted, consumes or uses any electricity shall be guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof liable to be punished as in the case of simple larceny.

11. Every person who steals, or severs with intent to steal, the ore of any metal, or any lapis calaminaris, manganese, mundick, wad, black cawke, black lead, coal, or cannel coal from any mine bed or vein thereof, shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to imprisonment for any term not exceeding two yearn with or without hard labour.

12. Every person who —

(1) steals a mail bag; or

(2) steals from a mail bag, post office, officer of the Post

Office, or mail, any postal packet in course of transmission by post; or

(3) steals any chattel, money or valuable security out of a

postal packet in course of transmission by post; or

(4) stops a mail with intent to rob the mail;

shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for life. 13

13. Every person who steals in any dwelling-house any chattel, money, or valuable security shall —

(a) if the value of the property stolen amounts to five pounds; or

(b) if he by any menace or threat puts any person being in such dwelling-house in bodily fear;

143

1916. Larceny Act, 1916. ClH. 50.

be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding fourteen years.

14. Every person who steals any chattel, money, or valuable larceny from security from the person of another shall be guilty of felony and the P*5011-on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding fourteen years.

15. Every person who Steals — Larceny from

(1) any goods in any vessel, barge or boat of any deecrip- p8’docks ’

tion in any haven or any port of entry or discharge or upon any navigable river or canal or in any creek or basin belonging to or communicating with any such haven, port, Viver, or canal; or

(2) any goods from any dock, wharf or quay adjacent

to any such haven, port, river, canal, creek, or basin; or

(J) any part of any vessel in distress, wrecked, stranded, or cast on shore, or any goods, merchandise, or articles of any kind belonging to such vessel;

shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding fourteen years.

16. Every person who, being a tenant or lodger, or the Larceny by

husband or wife of any tenant Or lodger, steals any chattel or or

fixture let to be used by such person in or with any house or lodging shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof

liable —

(a) if the value of such chattel or fixture exceeds the sum

of five pounds, to penal servitude for any term not exttfeding seven years;

(b) in all other cases, to imprisonment for any term not

exceeding two years, with or without hard labour;

(c) in any case, if a male under the age of sixteen years,

to be once privately whipped in addition to any other punishment to which he may by law be liable.

17. Every person who — Larceny and

(1) being a clerk or servant or person employed in the b^dertoor1

capacity of a clerk or servant — servants.

(a) steals any chattel, money or valuable security belonging to or in the possession or power of his master or employer; or

(b) fraudulently embezzles the whole or any part of any chattel, money or valuable security delivered to or received or taken into possession by him for or in the name or on the account of his master or employer:

(2) being employed in the public service of His Majesty

or in the police of any place whatsoever —

(a) steals any chattel, money, or valuable security belonging to or in the possession of

144

Ch. 50.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Embezzlement by officer of t he Post Office.

Embezzlement, &c., by officers of the Bank of England or Ireland.

Larceny A, 1916.

His Majesty or entrusted to or received or taken into possession by such person by virtue of his employment; or

(6) embezzles or in any manner fraudulently applies or disposes of for any purpose whatsoever except for the public service any chattel, money or valuable security entrusted to or received or taken into possession by him by virtue of his employment:

(3) being appointed to any office or service by or under a local marine board —

(a) fraudulently applies or disposes of any chattel, money or valuable security received by him (whilst employed in such office or service) for or on account of any local marine board or for or on account of any other public board or department, for his own use or any use or purpose other than that for which the s£me was paid, entrusted to, or received by him; or (b)fraudulently withholds, retains, or keeps back the same, or any part thereof, contrary to any lawful directions or instructions which he is required to obey in relation to his office or service aforesaid;

shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding fourteen years, and in the case of a clerk or servant or person employed for the purpose or in the capacity of a clerk or servant, if a male under the age of sixteen years, to be once privately whipped in addition to any other punishment to which he may by law be liable.

18. Every person who, being an officer of the Post Office, steals or embezzles a postal packet in course of transmission by post shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable —

(a) if the postal packet contains any chattel, money or valuable security, to penal servitude for life:

(h) in all other cases to penal servitude for any term not exceeding seven years. 19 *

19. Every person who, being an officer or servant of the

Bank of England or of the Bank of Ireland, secretes, embezzles, or runs away with any bond, deed, note, bill, dividend warrant, warrant for the payment of any annuity, interest or money, security, money or other effects of or belonging to the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland and entrusted to him or lodged or deposited with the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, or with him as such officer or servant, shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for life.

1916

Larceny Act, 1916. Ch. 50.

145

20. — (1) Every person who-r-

Conversion.

(i) being entrusted either solely or jointly with any other

person with any power of attorney for the sale or transfer of any property, fraudulently sells, transfers, or otherwise converts the property or any part thereof to his own use or benefit, or the use or benefit of any person other than the person by whom he was so entrusted; or

(ii) being a director, member or officer of any body

corporate or public company, fraudulently takes or applies for his own use or benefit, or for any use or purposes other than the use or purposes of such body corporate or public company, any of the property of such body corporate or public company; or

(iii) being authorised to receive money to arise from the

sale of any annuities or securities purchased, or transferred under the provisions of Part V. of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, or under any 46 Vict. Act repealed by that Act, or under the Municipal c' r>0‘ Corporation Mortgages, &c., Act, 1860, or any 23 & 24 Vict. dividends thereon, or any other such money as is 16* referred to in the said Acts, appropriates the same otherwise than as directed by the said Acts or by the Local Government Board or the Treasury (as the case may be) in pursuance thereof; or

(iv) (a) being entrusted either solely or jointly with any other person with any property in order that he may retain in safe custody or apply, pay, or deliver, for any purpose or to any person, the property or any part thereof or any proceeds thereof; or

(6) having either solely or jointly with any other person received any property for or on account of any other person;

fraudulently converts to his own use or benefit, or the use or benefit of any other person, the property or any part thereof or any proceeds thereof; shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding seven years.

(2) Nothing in paragraph (iv) of subsection (1) of this section shall apply to or affect any trustee under any express trust created by a deed or will, or any mortgagee of any property, real or personal, in respect of any act done by the trustee or mortgagee in relation to the property comprised in or affected by any such trust or mortgage. 21

21. Every person, who, being a trustee as herein-after Conversion by defined, of any property for the use or benefit* either wholly or tru'ilec* partially of some other person, or for any public or charitable

146

Ch. 50.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Factors obtaining advances on the property of their principals.

Larceny A, 1916,

purpose, with intent to defraud converts or appropriates the same or any part thereof to or for his own use or benefit, or the use or benefit of any person other than such person as aforesaid, or for any purpose other than such public or charitable purpose as aforesaid, or otherwise disposes of or destroys such property or any part thereof, shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding seven years. Provided that no prosecution for any offence included in this section shall be commenced —

(a) by any person without the sanction of the Attorney General, or, in case that office be vacant, of the Solicitor-General;

(b) by any person who has taken any civil proceedings against such trustee, without the sanction also of the court or judge before whom such civil proceedings have been had or are pending.

22. — (1) Every person who, being a factor or agent entrusted either solely or jointly with any ether person for the purpose of sale or otherwise, with the possession of any goods or of any document of title to goods contrary to or without the authority of his principal in that behalf for his own use or benefit, or the use or benefit of any person other than the person by whom he was so entrusted, and in violation of good faith —

(1) Consigns, deposits, transfers, or delivers any goods or

document of title so entrusted to him as and by way of a pledge, lien, or security for any money or valuable security borrowed or received, or intended to be borrowed or received by him; or

(ii) Accepts any advance of any money or valuable security on the faith of any contract or agreement to consign, deposit, transfer, or deliver any such goods or document of title;

shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and on conviction thereof, liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding seven years: Provided that no such factor or agent shall be liable

to any prosecution for consigning, depositing, transferring or delivering any such goods or documents of title, in case the same shall not be made a security for or subject to the payment of any greater sum of money than the amount which at the time of such consignment, deposit, transfer, or delivery, was justly due and owing to such agent from his principal, together with the amount of any bill of exchange drawn by or on account, of such principal and accepted by such factor or agent.

(2) — (a) Any factor or agent entrusted as aforesaid and in possession of any document of title to goods shall be deemed to have been entrusted with the possession of the goods represented by such document of title.

(b) Every contract pledging or giving a lien upon such document of title as aforesaid shall be deemed to be a pledge of and lien upon the goods to which the same relates.

1916.

Ch. 50.

147

Larceny Act, 1916.

(c) Any such factor or agent as aforesaid shall be deemed to be in possession of such goods or documents whether the same are in his actual custody or are held by any other person subject to his control, or for him or on his behalf.

(d) Where any loan or advance is made in good faith to any factor or agent entrusted with and in possession of any such goods or document of title on the faith of any contract or agreement in writing to consign, deposit, transfer, or deliver such goods or documents of title and such goods or documents of title are actually received by the person making such loan or advance, without notice that such factor or agent was not authorised to make such pledge or security, every such loan or advance shall be deemed to be a loan or advance on the security of such goods or documents of title and within the meaning of this section, though such goods or documents of title are not actually received by the person making such loan or advance till the period subsequent thereto.

(e) Any payment made whether by money or bill of exchange or other negotiable security shall be deemed to be an advance within the meaning of this section.

(f) Any contract or agreement whether made direct with such factor or agent as aforesaid or with any person on his behalf shall be deemed to be a contract or agreement with such factor or agent.

(g) Any factor or agent entrusted as aforesaid, and in possession of any goods or document of title to goods shall be deemed, for the purposes of this section, to have been entrusted therewith by the owner thereof, unless the contrary be shown in evidence.

23. — (1) Every person who —

(a) being armed with any offensive weapon or instrument, or being together with one other person or more, robs, or assaults with intent to rob, any person;

(b) robs any person and, at the time of or immediately before or immediately after such robbery, uses any personal violence to any person; shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for life, and, in addition, if a male, to be once privately whipped.

(2) Every person who robs any person shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding fourteen years.

(3) Every person who assaults any person with intent to rob shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding five years.

24. Every person who —

(1) breaks and enters any place of divine worship and commits any felony therein; or

(2) breaks out of any place of divine worship, having committed any felony therein;

Robbery.

Sacrilege.

148

Burglary.

Housebreaking and committing felony.

Housebreaking with intent to commit felony.

Being found by night., armed or in possession of house-breaking implements.

Ch. 50. Larceny Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

shall be guilty of felony called sacrilege and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for life.

25. Every person who in the night —

(1) breaks and enters the dwelling-house of another with

intent to commit any felony therein; or

(2) breaks out of the dwelling-house of another, having —

(a) entered the said dwelling-house with intent to commit any felony therein; or

(b) committed any felony in the said dwelling-house;

shall be guilty of felony called burglary and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for life.

26. Every person who —

(1) breaks and enters any dwelling-house, or any building

within the curtilage thereof and occupied therewith, or any school-house, shop, warehouse, counting-house, office, store, garage, pavilion, factory, or workshop, or any building belonging to His Majesty, or to any Government Department, or to any municipal or other public authority, and commits any felony therein; or

(2) breaks out of the same, having committed any felony therein;

shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding fourteen years. 27 28

27. Every person who, with intent to commit any felony therein, —

(1) enters any dwelling-house in the night; or

(2) breaks and enters any dwelling-house, place of divine

worship or any building within the curtilage, or any school-house, shop, warehouse, counting-house, office, store, garage, pavilion, factory, or workshop, or any building belonging to His Majesty, or to any Government Department, or to any municipal or other public authority;

shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding seven years.

28. Every person who shall be found by night —

(1) armed with any dangerous or offensive weapon or

instrument, with intent to break or enter into any building and to commit any felony therein; or

(2) having in his possession without lawful excuse (the

proof whereof shall lie on such person) any key, picklock, crow, jack, bit, or other implement of house-breaking; or

(3) having his face blackened or disguised with intent to

commit any felony; or

149

1916. Larceny Act, 1916. Ch. 50.

(4) in any building with intent to commit any felony therein;

shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and on conviction thereof liable —

(a) if he has been previously convicted of any such misdemeanour or of any felony, to penal servitude for any term not exceeding ten years;

(b) in 'all other cases, to penal servitude for any term not exceeding five years.

29. — (1) Every person who —

(i) utters, knowing the contents thereof, any letter or

writing demanding of any person with menaces, and without any reasonable or probable cause, any property or valuable thing;

(ii) utters, knowing the contents thereof, any letter or

writing accusing or threatening to accuse any other person (whether living or dead) of any crime to which this section applies, with intent to extort or gain thereby any property or valuable thing from any person;

(iii) with intent to extort or gain any property or valuable

thing from any person accuses or threatens to accuse either that person or any other person (whether living or dead) of any such crime;

shall be guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for life, and, if a male under the age of sixteen years, to be once privately whipped in addition to any other punishment to which he may by law be liable.

(2) Every person who with intent to defraud or Injure any other person —

(a) by any unlawful violence to or restraint of the person of

another, or

(b) by accusing or threatening to accuse any person (whether

living or dead) of any such crime or of any felony,

compels or induces any person to execute, make, accept, endorse, alter, or destroy the whole or any part of any valuable security, or to write, impress, or affix the name of any person, company, firm or co-partnership, or the seal of any body corporate, company or society upon or to any paper or parchment in order that it may be afterwards made or converted into or used or dealt with as a valuable security, shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for life.

(3) This section applies to any crime punishable with death, or penal servitude for not less than seven years, or any assault with intent to commit any rape, or any attempt to commit any rape, or any solicitation, persuasion, promise, or threat offered or made to any person, whereby to move or induce such person to commit or permit the abominable crime of buggery, either with mankind or with any animal.

Demanding money, kc with menaces.

150

Ch. 50.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Larceny A, 1916.

(4) For the purposes of this Act it is immaterial whether any menaces or threats be of violence, injury, or accusation to be caused or made by the offender or by any other person.

Demanding 30. Every person who with menaces or by force demands

with Stent* an«y Person anything capable of being stolen with intent to

to steal. steal the same shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding five years.

Threatening to publish, with intent to extort.

False pretences.

Receiving.

31. Every person who with intent —

(a) to extort any valuable thing from any person, or

(b) to induce any person to confer or procure for any

person any appointment or office of profit or trust,

(1) publishes or threatens to publish any libel upon any other person (whether living or dead); or

(2) directly or indirectly threatens to print or publish, or directly or indirectly proposes to abstain from or offers to prevent the printing or publishing of any matter or thing touching any other person (whether living or dead);

shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and on conviction thereof liable to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding two years.

32. Every person who by any false pretence —

(1) with intent to defraud, obtains from any other person

any chattel, money, or valuable security, or causes or procures any money to be paid, or any chattel or valuable security to be delivered to himself or to any other person for the use or benefit or on account of himself or any other person; or

(2) with intent to defraud or injure any other person,

fraudulently causes or induces any other person —

(a) to execute, make, accept, endorse, oi destroy the whole or any part of any valuable security; or

(b) to write, impress, or affix his name or the name of any other person, or the seal of any body corporate or society, upon any paper or parchment in order that the same may be afterwards made or converted into, or used or dealt with as, a valuable security;

shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding five years.

33. — (1) Every person who receives any property knowing the same to have been stolen or obtained in any way whatsoever under circumstances which amount to felony or misdemeanour, shall be guilty of an offence of the like degree (whether felony or misdemeanour) and on conviction thereof liable —

(a) in the case of felony, to penal servitude for any term not exceeding fourteen years;

151

1916. Larceny Act, 1916. Cu. 50.

(b) in the case of misdemeanour, to penal servitude for any

term not exceeding seven years;

(c) in either case, if a male under the age of sixteen years,

to be once privately whipped in addition to any punishment to which he may by law be liable.

(2) Every person who receives any mail bag, or any postal packet, or any chattel, or money, or valuable security, the stealing, or taking, or embezzling, or secreting whereof amounts to a felony under the Post Office Act, 1908, or this Act, knowing 8 EUw.7. c. 48. the same to have been so feloniously stolen, taken, embezzled, or secreted, and to have been sent or to have been intended to be

sent by post, shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to the same punishment as if he had stolen, taken, embezzled, or secreted the same.

(3) Every such person may be indicted and convicted, whether the principal offender has or has not been previously convicted, or is or is not amenable to justice.

(4) Every person who, without lawful excuse, knowing the same to have been stolen or obtained in any way whatsoever under such circumstances that if the act had been committed in the United Kingdom the person committing it would have been guilty of felony or misdemeanour, receives or has in his possession any property so stolen or obtained outside the United Kingdom, shall be guilty of an offence of the like degree (whether felony or misdemeanour) and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding seven years.

34. Every person who corruptly takes any money or reward, corruptly directly or indirectly, under pretence or upon account of helping

any person to recover any property which has, under circumstances which amount to felony or misdemeanour, been stolen or obtained in any way whatsoever, or received, shall (unless he has used all due diligence to cause the offender to be brought to trial for the same) be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding seven years, and, if a male under the age of sixteen years, to be once privately whipped in addition to any other punishment to which he may by law be liable.

35. Every person who knowingly and wilfully aids, abets, Accessories and counsels, procures or commands the commission of an offence abettors-punishable under this Act shall be liable to be dealt with, indicted, tried and punished as a principal offender. 36

36. — (1) A wife shall have the same remedies and redress Husband and under this Act for the protection and security of her own wift-separate property as if such property belonged to her as a

feme sole:

Provided that no proceedings under this Act shall be taken by any wife against her husband while they are living together as to or concerning any property claimed by her, nor while they

152

Ch. 50.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Punishments.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 92.

24 k25 Vict,

c. 96.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 97.

Larceny Ac, 1916.

are living apart as to or concerning any act done by the husband while they were living together concerning property claimed by the wife, unless such property has been wrongfully taken by the husband when leaving or deserting or about to leave or desert his wife.

(2) A wife doing an act with respect to any property of her husband, which, if done by the husband in respect to property of the wife, would make the husband liable to criminal proceedings by the wife under this Act, shall be in like manner liable to criminal proceedings by her husband.

37. — (1) Every person who commits the offence of simple larceny after having been previously convicted of felony shall be liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding ten years.

• (2) Every person who commits the offence of simple larceny, or any offence made punishable like simple larceny, after having been previously convicted —

(a) of any indictable misdemeanour punishable under this Act; or

(b) twice summarily of any offence punishable under section six of the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1851, or under the Larceny Act, 1861, or under the Malicious Damage Act, 1861, or under this Act (whether each of the convictions has been in respect of an offence of the same description or not, and whether such convictions, or either of them, have been before or after the passing of this Act);

shall be liable to penal servitude for any term not exceeding seven years.

(3) In every case in this section before mentioned the offender, if a male under the age of sixteen years, shall be liable to be once privately whipped in addition to any other punishment to which he may by law be liable.

(4) Where a sentence of penal servitude may be imposed on conviction of an offence against this Act, the court may instead thereof impose a sentence of imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for not more than two years.

(5) — (a) On conviction of a misdemeanour punishable under this Act the court, instead of or in addition to any other punishment which may be lawfully imposed, may fine the offender.

(b) On conviction of a felony punishable under this Act the court, in addition to imposing a sentence of penal servitude or imprisonment, may require the offender to enter into his own recognizances, with or without sureties, for keeping the peace and being of good behaviour.

(c) On conviction of a misdemeanour punishable under this Act the court, instead of or in addition to any other punishment which may lawfully be imposed for the offence, may requirS the offender to enter into his own recognizances, with or without sureties, for keeping the peace and being of good behaviour.

153

1916. Larceny Act, 1916. Ch. 50.

(i d) Provided that a person shall not be imprisoned for more than one year for not finding sureties.

(6) Where a sentence of whipping may be imposed under this Act —

(a) in the case of an offender whose age does not exceed

sixteen years, the number of strokes at such whipping shall not exceed twenty-five and the instrument used shall be a birch-rod;

(b) in the case of any other offender, the number of strokes

at such whipjfing shall not exceed fifty;

(c) in each case the court in its sentence shall specify the number of strokes to be inflicted and the instrument to be used;

(cl)such whipping shall not take place after the expiration of six months from the passing of the sentence;

(e) such whipping to be inflicted on any person sentenced to penal servitude shall be inflicted on him before he is removed to a convict prison with a view to his undergoing his sentence of penal servitude.

38. — (1) A court of quarter sessions — Jurisdiction

fa) notwithstanding anything in the Quarter Sessions Act, ?ewkK?.°r 1842, shall in England have jurisdiction to try an s Vict. indictment for burglary; «•38-

(b) shall not have jurisdiction to try an indictment for any offence against sections twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-two of this Act.

(2) A justice of the peace in England when committing for trial a person charged with burglary shall commit him for trial before a court of assize unless, owing to the absence of any circumstances which make the case a grave or difficult one, he thinks it expedient in the interest of justice to commit him for trial before a court of quarter sessions; and the Assizes Relief 52 & 53 Vict. Act, 1889, shall apply. c'12* 39

39. — (1) A person charged with any offence against this Act Venue, may be proceeded against, indicted, tried, and punished in any county or place in which he was apprehended or is in 'custody

as if the offence had been committed in that county or place; and for all purposes incidental to or consequential on the prosecution, trial, or punishment of the offence, it shall be deemed to have been committed in that county or place.

(2) Every person who steals or otherwise feloniously takes any property in any one part of the United Kingdom may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and punished in any other part of the United Kingdom where he has the property in his possession in the same manner as if he had actually stolen or taken it in that part.

(3) Every person who receives in any one part of the United Kingdom any property stolen or otherwise feloniously taken in any other part of the United Kingdom may be dealt with,

L

154

Procedure.

Ch. 50. Larceny A, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

indicted, tried, and punished in that part of the United Kingdom where he so receives the property in the same manner as if it had been originally stolen or taken in that part.

40. — (1) On the trial of an indictment for obtaining or attempting to obtain any chattel, money, or valuable security by any false pretence, it shall not be necessary to prove an intent to defraud any particular person, but it shall be sufficient to prove that the person accused did the act charged with intent to defraud.

(2) An allegation in an indictment <that money or banknotes have been embezzled or obtained by false pretences can, so far as regards the description of the property, be sustained by proof that the offender embezzled or obtained any piece of coin or any banknote or any portion of the value thereof, although such piece of coin or banknote may have been delivered to him in order that some part of the value thereof should be returned to any person and such part has been returned accordingly.

(3) In an indictment for feloniously receiving any property under this Act any number of persons who have at different times so received such property or any part thereof may be charged and tried together.

(4) If any person, who is a member of any co-partnership or is one of two or more beneficial owners of any property, steals or embezzles any such property of or belonging to such co-partnership or to such beneficial owners he shall be liable to be dealt with, tried, and punished as if he had not been or was not a member of such co-partnership or one of such beneficial owners.

(5) In Ireland the following provisions shall have effect with respect to indictments:—

(a) In an indictment for an offence against this Act with reference to any instrument, it shall be sufficient to describe such instrument by any name or designation by which it is usually known, or by its purport, without setting out any copy or facsimile thereof or otherwise describing it or its value:

(6) In an indictment for any offence of stealing under this

Act, distinct acts of stealing, not exceeding three, which have been committed by the person accused against the same person within the space of six months, may be charged in separate counts of the same indictment and tried together:

(e) If on the trial of an indictment for stealing any property it appears that the property alleged in such indictment to have been stolen at one time was taken at different times, such separate takings may be tried together to a number not exceeding three, provided that not more than the space of six months elapsed between the first and the hist of such takings;

1910.

Ch. 50.

155

Larceny Act, 1916.

(d) In an indictment for any offence of embezzlement or

of fraudulent application or disposition against this Act, distinct acts of embezzlement or of fraudulent application or disposition not exceeding three, which have been committed by him against the same person within the space of six months, may be charged in separate counts of the same indictment and tried together; and where such offence relates to any money or valuable security it shall not be necessary to specify any particular coin or valuable security; and such allegation shall be sustained whether the offender is proved to have embezzled or to have fraudulently applied or disposed of any amount, although the particular coin or valuable security of which such amount was composed is not proved, or whether he is proved to have embezzled or to have fraudulently applied or disposed of any valuable security which has been delivered to him in order that some part of the value thereof should be returned to any person and such part has been returned accordingly:

(e) In every case of stealing any chattel or fixture under

section sixteen of this Act (relating to tenants and lodgers) it shall be lawful to prefer an indictment in the same form as if the offender were not a tenant or lodger:

(f) In an indictment for stealing any document of title to

lands, it shall be sufficient to allege such document to be or to contain evidence of the title or of part of the title of the person or of someone of the persons having an interest, whether vested or contingent, legal or equitable, in the real estate to which the same relates, and to mention such real estate or some part thereof:

(g) In an indictment for an offence under this Act with

respect to any will, codicil, or other testamentary document, record, or other legal document whatsoever, or anything made of metal fixed in any square or street, or in any place dedicated to public use or ornament, or in any burial-ground, it shall not be necessary to allege the same to be the property of any person:

(h) In an indictment under section sixteen of this Act it

shall be lawful to lay the property alleged to be stolen in the owner or person letting to hire:

(i) In an indictment for obtaining or attempting to obtain

anj’ chattel, money, or valuable security by any false pretence, it shall be sufficient to allege that the person accused did the act with intent to defraud, without alleging an intent to defraud any particular person and without alleging any ownership of the chattel, money, or valuable security:

Ch. 50.

6 ft 7 Geo. 5.

Larceny A, 1916.

(j) Charges of stealing any property and of feloniously

receiving the same property or any part thereof may be included in'separate counts of the same indictment and such counts may be tried together:

(k) Any person or persons charged in separate counts of the

same indictment with stealing any property and with feloniously receiving the same property or any part thereof may severally be found guilty either of stealing or of receiving the said property or any part thereof.

41. — (1) Any person found committing any offence punishable under this Act except an offence under section thirty-one may be immediately apprehended without a warrant by any person and forthwith taken, together with the property, if any, before a justice of the peace to be dealt with according to law.

(2) Any person to whom any property is offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, if he has reasonable cause to suspect that any offence has been committed against this Act with respect to such property, shall, if in his power, apprehend and forthwith take before a justice of the peace the person offering the same, together with such property, to be dealt with according to law.

(3) Any constable or peace officer may take into custody without warrant any person whom he finds lying or loitering in any highway, yard, or other place during the night, and whom he has good cause to suspect of having committed or being about to commit any felony against this Act, and shall take such person as soon as reasonably may be before a justice of the peace to be dealt with according to law. 42 *

42. — (1) If it is made to appear by information on oath before a justice of the peace that there is reasonable cause to believe that any person has in his custody or possession or on his premises any property whatsoever, with respect to which any offence against this Act has been committed, the justice may grant a warrant to search for and seize the same.

(2) — (a) Any constable or peace officer may, if authorised in writing by a chief officer of police, enter any house, shop, warehouse, yard, or other premises, and search for and seize aDy property he believes to have been stolen, and, where any property is seized in pursuance of this section, the person on whose premises it was at the time of seizure or the person from whom it was taken shall, unless previously charged with receiving the same knowing it to have been stolen, be summoned before a court of summary jurisdiction to account for his possession of such property, and such court shall make such order respecting the disposal of such property and may award such costs as the justice of the case may require.

(b) It shall be lawful for any chief officer of police to give such authority as aforesaid —

(i) when the premises to be searched are or within the preceding twelve months have been in the occupation of

1916.

157

Larceny Act, 1916. Ch. 50.

any person who has been convicted of receiving stolen property or of harbouring thieves; or

(ii) when the premises to be searched are in the occupation of any person who has been convicted of any offence involving fraud or dishonesty and punishable with penal servitude or imprisonment.

(c) It shall not be necessary for such chief officer of police on giving such authority to specify any particular property, but he may give such authority if he has reason to believe generally that such premises are being made a receptacle for stolen goods.

43. — (1) Whenever any person is being proceeded against Evidence, for receiving any property, knowing it to have been stolen, or

for having in his possession stolen property, for the purpose of proving guilty knowledge there may be given in evidence at any stage of the proceedings —

(a) the fact that other property stolen within the period of twelve months preceding the date of the offence charged was found or had been in his possession;

(b) the fact that within the five years preceding the date of the offence charged he was convicted of any offence involving fraud or dishonesty.

This last-mentioned fact may not be proved unless —

(i) seven days’ notice in writing has been given to the offender that proof of such previous conviction is intended to be given;

(ii) evidence has been given that the property in respect of which the offender is being tried was found or had been in his possession.

(2) No person shall be liable to be convicted of any offence against sections six, seven subsection (1), twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-two of this Act upon any evidence whatever in respect of any act done by him, if at any time previously to his being charged with such offence he has first disclosed such act on oath, in consequence of any compulsory process of any court of law or equity in any action, suit, or proceeding which has been bona fide instituted by any person aggrieved.

(3) In any proceedings in respect of any offence against sections six, seven subsection (1), twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-two of this Act, a statement or admission made by any person in any compulsory examination or deposition before any court on the hearing of any matter in bankruptcy shall not be admissible in evidence against that person. 44

44. — (1) If on the trial of any indictment for robbery it Verdict, is proved that the defendant committed an assault with intent

to rob, the jury may acquit the defendant of robbery and find him guilty of an assault with intent to rob, and thereupon he shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

(2) If on the trial of any indictment for any offence against section seventeen of this Act (relating to embezzlement) it is proved that the defendant stole the property in question, the

158

Ch. 50.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Restitution.

r»6 & 57 Vict,

c. 71.

Larceny Act, 1916.

jury may find him guilty of stealing, and thereupon he shall be liable to be punished accordingly; and on the trial of any indictment for stealing the jury may in like manner find the defendant guilty of embezzlement or of fraudulent application or disposition, as the case may be, and thereupon he shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

(3) If on the trial of any indictment for stealing it is proved that the defendant took any chattel, money, or valuable security in question in any such manner as would amount in law to obtaining it by false pretences with intent to defraud, the jury may acquit the defendant of stealing and find him guilty of obtaining the chattel, money, or valuable security by false pretences, and thereupon he shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

(4) If on the trial of any indictment for obtaining any chattel, money, or valuable security by false pretences it is proved that the defendant stole the property in question, he shall not by reason thereof be entitled to be acquitted of obtaining such property by false pretences.

(5) If on the trial of any two or more persons indicted for jointly receiving any property it is proved that one or more of such persons separately received any part of such property, the jury may convict upon such indictment such of the said persons as are proved to have received any part of such property.

45. — (1) If any person guilty of any such felony or misdemeanour as is mentioned in this Act, in stealing, taking, obtaining, extorting, embezzling, converting, or disposing of, or in knowingly receiving, any property, is prosecuted to conviction by or on behalf of the owner of such property, the property shall be restored to the owner or his representative.

(2) In every case in this section referred to the court before whom such offender is convicted shall have power to award from time to time writs of restitution for the said property or to order the restitution thereof in a summary manner:

Provided that where goods as defined in the Sale of Goods Act, 1893, have been obtained by fraud or other wrongful means not amounting to stealing, the property in such goods shall not re-vest in the person who was the owner of the goods or his personal representative, by reason only of the conviction of the offender:

And provided that nothing in this section shall apply to the case of —

(a) any valuable security which has been in good faith paid or discharged by some person or body corporate liable to the payment thereof, or, being a negotiable instrument, has been in good faith taken or received by transfer or delivery by some person or body corporate for a just and valuable consideration without any notice or without any reasonable cause to suspect that the same had been stolen;

159

1916. Larceny Act, 1916. Ch. 50.

(b) Any offence against sections twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-two of this Act.

(3) On the restitution of any stolen property if it appears to the court by the evidence that the offender has sold the stolen property to any person, and that such person has had no knowledge that the same was stolen, and that any moneys have been taken from the offender on his apprehension, the court may, on the application of such purchaser, order that out of such moneys a sum not exceeding the amount of the proceeds of such sale be delivered to the said purchaser.

46. — (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — interpretation. The expression "chief officer of police" means —

(a) In the city of London, the Commissioner of City Police;

(b) In the Metropolitan Police District, the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis;

(c) In any other police district in England, the officer having the chief command of the police in such police district;

(d) In the police district of Dublin Metropolis, either of the commissioners of police for the said district;

(e) In any other police district in Ireland, the subinspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary;

and shall include any person authorised by such said chief officer of police to act in his behalf:

The expression "document of title to goods " includes any bill of lading, India warrant, dock warrant, warehousekeeper’s certificate, warrant or order for the delivery or transfer of any goods or valuable thing, bought or sold note, or any other document used in the ordinary course of business as proof of the possession or control of goods, or authorising or purporting to authorise, either by endorsement or by delivery, the possessor of such document to transfer or receive any goods thereby represented or therein mentioned or referred to:

The expression "document of title to lands " includes any deed, map, roll, register, paper, or parchment, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed, being or containing evidence of the title, or any part of the title, to any real estate or to any interest in or out of any real estate:

The expressions "mail, " "mail bag, " "officer of the Post Office, " "postal packet, " "post office, " and "in course of transmission by post, " shall have the same meanings in this Act as in the Post Office Act, 1908:

The expression "night *’ means the interval between nine o’clock in the evening and six o’clock in the morning of the next succeeding day:

160

Ch. 50.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Savings.

Larceny Act, 1916.

The expression "property " includes any description of real and personal property, money, debts, and legacies, and all deeds and instruments relating to or evidencing the title or right to any property, or giving a right to recover or receive any money or goods, and also includes not only such property as has been originally in the possession or under the control of any person, but also any property into or for which the same has been converted or exchanged, and anything acquired by such conversion or exchange, whether immediately or otherwise:

The expression "trustee" means a trustee on some express trust created by some deed, will, or instrument in writing, and includes the heir or personal representative of any such trustee, and any other person upon or to whom the duty of such trust shall have devolved or come, and also an executor and administrator, and an official receiver, assignee, liquidator, or other like officer acting under any present or future Act relating to joint stock companies or bankruptcy:

The expression "valuable security " includes any writing entitling or evidencing the title of any person to any share or interest in any public stock, annuity, fund, or debt of any part of His Majesty's Dominions, or of any foreign state, or in any stock, annuity, fund, or debt of any body corporate, company, or society, whether within or without His Majesty's Dominions, or to any deposit in any bank, and also includes any scrip, debenture, bill, note, warrant, order, or other security for payment of money, or any accountable receipt, release, or discharge, or any receipt or other instrument evidencing the payment of money, or the delivery of any chattel personal, and any document of title to lands or goods as hereinbefore defined.

(2) The expression "dwelling-house " does not include a building although within the same curtilage with any dwelling-house and occupied therewith unless there is a communication between such building and dwelling-house, either immediate or by means of a covered and enclosed passage leading from one to the other.

(3) References in this Act to any Act in force at the commencement of this Act shall be held to include a reference to that Act as amended, extended, or applied by any other Act.

47. — (1) Where, by virtue of some other Act, an offence against this Act subjects the offender to any forfeiture or disqualification, or to any penalty other than penal servitude or fine, the liability of the offender to punishment under this Act shall be in addition to and not in substitution for his liability under such other Act.

1916.

Ch. 50.

161

Larceny Act, 1916.

(2) Where an offence against this Act is by any other Act, whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act, made punishable on summary conviction, proceedings may be taken either under such other Act or under this Act: Provided that where such an offence was at the commencement of this Act punishable only on summary conviction, it shall remain only so punishable.

48. — (1) The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Repeals.

Act arc hereby repealed as to England and Ireland to the extent specified in the third column thereof.

(2) For the purposes of the First Schedule to the Summary 42 & 43 Vict. Jurisdiction Act, 1879, the first subsection of the thirty-third c- 49-section of this Act shall be substituted for the ninety-first and ninety-fifth sections of the Larceny Act, 1861.

49. This Act shall not extend to Scotland, except as herein- Extent, before otherwise expressly provided.

50. This Act may be cited as the Larceny Act, 1916, and short title and

shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen J£""euce' hundred and seventeen. men ‘

SCHEDULE.

Section 48 (1).

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

33 Hen. 8. c. 12. | Section thirteen.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 96. The Libel Act, 1843 - 1 Section three. I !

U & 15 Vict, o. 100. The Criminal Procedure Act, 1851. In section five, so far as it relates to Ireland, the words "stealing, " embezzling, " and the words "or for obtaining by false pretences." Section eighteen, from the words "and in oases " to the end of the section.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 112. The Literary and Scientific Institutions Act, 1854. In section twenty-six, from "steal" to "chattels of the " institution, or."

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict. c. 16. i 1 The Municipal Corporation Mortgages, &c. Act, 1860. 1 ! Section seven. I

162

Ch. 50.

Larceny A, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Session and Chapter.

24 & 25 Vict. I

c. 96.

30 Sc31 Vict. c. 35.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 116.

34 & 35 Vict,

c. 112.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

I

The Larceny Act, 1861 - | In section one, from " the term

" ‘trustee’" to "bankruptcy ! " or insolvency "; and from

" for the purposes of this Act, " the night" to " succeeding " day."

Sections two to eleven, both inclusive.

In section eighteen, from " and " whosoever" to the end of the section.

In section nineteen, from "and " whosoever" to the end of the section, j Section twenty.

' In section twenty-six, from the I beginning of the section to " simple larceny and."

! In section twenty - seven, the words "shall steal, or."

In section twenty - eight, the words "shall steal, or."

In section twenty-nine, the words, " steal or."

I In section thirty, the words "shall steal or."

Sections thirty-one and thirty-two. In section thirty - three, from "and whosoever having been i " twice convicted " to the end of the section.

I In section thirty-six, from " and " whosoever " to the end of the section.

Section thirty-eight.

Sections forty to sixty-four, both inclusive.

Sections sixty-seven to seventy-I four, both inclusive.

Sections seventy-seven to eighty-one, both inclusive.

] Sections eighty-eight to ninety-i six, both inclusive.

1 In section ninety-eight, the words ' ‘ except only a receiver of stolen " property."

Sections one hundred and One hundred and one.

, Section one hundred and four-

1 teen.

j The Criminal Law In section nine, the words Amendment Act, 1867. "either" and the words "or " otherwise."

I The Larceny Act, 1868 - Section one.

I The Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871.

Sections sixteen and nineteen.

1916.

Larceny Act, 1916. Ch. 50, 51.

163

[Short Title.]

Seamen and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

39 & 40 Vict. The Statute Law Revi- Section three.

c. 20. vision (Substituted Enactments) Act. 1876.

45 & 46 Vict 46 Vict. The Municipal Corpo- Section one hundred and seven-

c. 50. rations Act, 1882. teen.

45 & 46 Vict. The Electric Lighting Section twenty-three.

c. 56. Act, 1882.

59 & 60 Vict. The larceny Act, 1896 - The whole Act.

c. 52. 59 & 60 Vict. The whole Act.

The Burglary Act, 1896

c. 57.

1 Edw. 7. c. 10 The Larceny Act, 1901 - The whole Act.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. The Criminal Justice Section thirty-five.

c. 58. Administration Act, Section thirty-nine, subsection

1914. two. The Third Schedule.

---

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to prohibit the use of the word Anzac in connection with any trade, business, calling, or profession.

[18th December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Prohibition of the use of the word Anzac in connection with any trade. &c.]

1. — (1) As from the commencement of this Act it shall not be lawful to use in connection with any trade, business, calling, or profession the word "Anzac," or any word closely resembling that word, without the authority of a Secretary of State, given on the request of the Government of the Commonwealth of Australia or of the Dominion of New Zealand, and this prohibition shall apply notwithstanding that such word forms part of any trade mark, or of the name of any company or society or other body, which has been registered before the passing of this Act.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of this Act he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction not exceeding one hundred pounds; and when a company or society is guilty of any such contravention, without prejudice to the liability of the company or society, every director, manager, secretary, or other officer of the company or society who is

164 Ch. 51, 52. "Anzac" (Restriction on Trade Use of Word) Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

knowingly a party to the contravention, shall be guilty of an offence against this Act and liable to the like penalty.

[Short title and commencement.]

2. This Act may be cited as the "Anzac" (Restriction on Trade Use of Word) Act, 1916, and shall come into operation at the expiration of three months from the passing thereof.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to amend the law relating to Trading with the Enemy and the export of prohibited goods.

[18th December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Penalties for false statements, &c.]

1. If, for the purpose of obtaining any licence, authority, or approval for any transaction or matter under or in connection with any Proclamation or Act relating to trading with the enemy, or for the purpose of obtaining a licence to export any goods the exportation of which without a licence is prohibited under any Proclamation or Order in, or of, Council, any person —

(a) makes or presents any declaration or statement or representation which is false in any material particular; or

(b) produces a guarantee certificate or undertaking which is false in any material particular, or has not been given by the person by whom it purports to have been given, or which has been in any way altered or tampered with;

he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or, alternatively, in the case of goods for export, treble the value of the goods, or to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and imprisonment, unless he proves that he had taken all reasonable steps to ascertain the truth of the statements made or contained in any document so presented or produced or to satisfy himself of the genuineness of the guarantee certificate or undertaking.

[Penalty for mutilation of documents, &c. 4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 87.]

2. Where a person has been authorised under section two of the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1914, to inspect the books and documents of any person, firm, or company, and any book or document is found by him to have been destroyed, mutilated, or falsified, any person having or having had control of such book or document shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and liable

1916. Trading with the Enemy and Export of Prohibited Goods, 1916.Ch. 52, 53. 165

---

to the same punishment as if he had been guilty of trading with the enemy unless he proves that the destruction, mutilation, or falsification was not intended for the purpose of concealing any transaction which would constitute an offence of trading with the enemy.

3. For removing doubts, it is hereby declared — Removal of

(a) that in section two of the Customs (Exportation

Restriction) Act, 1915 (which relates to penalties 52. s^ami in respect of the exportation of goods in contra- 39 &.40 Vict, vention of any Proclamation or Order in, or of, c*36’8'186* Council, under section eight of the Customs and 42 & 43 Vict. Inland Revenue Act, 1879, or the Exportation of c- 21 *

Arms Act, 1900, as amended by any subsequent 63 & <m vvt. enactments), the reference to goods exported c-44-includes goods brought to any quay or other place to be shipped for exportation in the United Kingdom; and (b) that in section one hundred and eighty-six of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 (which relates to illegal dealings in goods subject to prohibitions and restrictions), the references to prohibited or restricted goods and to any prohibitions and restrictions includes (except where the context otherwise requires) references to goods, the exportation of which is prohibited or restricted, and to prohibitions and restrictions on the export of goods.

4. This Act may be cited as the Trading with the Enemy Short title, and Export of Prohibited Goods Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to provide for the exception from Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, of persons who are temporarily employed in Agriculture in connection with the present War.

[18th December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) There shall be added to the classes of persons, Power to employment of whom may be excepted from the provisions of from

Tart I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, by special order pftrs0ns tem-made under paragraph (i) of the First Schedule to that Act, porariiy em-persons who, not being persons whose normal occupation is employment within the meaning of that Act, are temporarily 1 & 2 Geo. 5. employed on or about any agricultural holding in consequence c. 55.

166 Ch. 53, 54. National Insurance (Temporary 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Employment in Agriculture), 1916.

of the loss of men through enlistment, or transference to Government service, or other circumstances arising out of the present war.

‘ (2) A special order made under this section shall have effect only during the continuance of the present war and for such time thereafter as may be provided by or under the order, not exceeding six months after the end of the war, and the exemption conferred by the order shall be subject to 6uch conditions and limitations as may be specified therein.

(3) The provisions of Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, as to the laying of regulations before both Houses of Parliament and the proceedings consequent thereon shall apply to special orders made under this section and section one hundred and thirteen of the said Act shall not apply thereto.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the National Insurance (Tem-

porary Employment in Agriculture) Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Friendly Societies for purposes connected with the present War.

[18th December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Power to defer 1. Where the date at which a valuation of a registered valuations. society or branch under section twenty-eight of the Friendly ->9 & no Vict. Societies Act, 1896, is due to be made occurs during the present c' 2o' war or within 6ix months after the termination thereof, the chief

registrar on the application of the society may, if he thinks fit, defer the valuation until such date as he may determine.

Temporary 2. Where the executive body of any Bociety registered under

amendment of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, shows to the satisfaction of the tered societies, registrar that, for the purpose of making provision with respect to the payment of, and other matters connected with, the contributions and benefits of members of the society who are serving in any of His Majesty's forces for the purposes of the present war, it is of importance to the society that the rules of the society shall be amended or varied immediately, but that owing to the requirements of the rules the amendments or variation cannot be made without delay, or without the authority of a meeting of the society or some committee or delegate body, and that that meeting cannot be held without undue delay or expense, the registrar may, on the application of the executive body, authorise the amendments or variation to have the force

Ch. 54, 55.

107

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Friendly Societies Act, 1916.

and effect of a duly registered rule of the society as from the date of the adoption thereof (whether before or after the passing of this Act) by the executive body or the society, and to continue in force for three months after the first day after the passing of this Act at which such amendment or variation can be made in accordance with the requirements of the rules and where the rules require the sanction of a special general meeting the registrar may authorise the substitution of the sanction of the annual general meeting:

Provided that nothing done under this section shall deprive a member so serving as aforesaid of his membership, or suspend or diminish any benefit payable to him under the rules without providing an equivalent relief of contributions.

3. This Act may be cited as the Friendly Societies Act, 1916, short title and and shall be construed as one with the Friendly Societies Act, consfruct, 0]'-1896.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to make provision with respect to the calculation of the amounts payable and transferable in respect of pauper lunatics under section twenty-four of the Local Government Act, 1888.

[18th December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The amounts payable or transferable by a county Calculation of council under subsection (2) of section twenty-four of the Local Government Act, 1888, on account of pauper lunatics in respect of paupeTptr of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen lu"atics. hundred and seventeen or any subsequent year, shall, instead of 51 & 52 Vict-being calcu^ited in manner provided by paragraphs (e), and c '

(g) of subsection (2) of that section, be‘the amount payable or transferable in accordance with the said paragraphs in respect of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen.

(2) This section shall be construed as one with the Local Government Act, 1888.

(3) This section shall apply to county borough councils in like manner as to county councils, but shall not apply to the London County Council.

2. — (1) This Act may. be cited as the Local Government short title and Emergency Provisions (No. 2) Act, 1916. duration.

(2) This Act shall have effect only during the continuance of the present war and afterwards for such period not exceeding one year as the Local Government Board may fix.

168

Ch. 56.

Necessity for re-election of Ministers suspended.

30 & 31 Vict, c. 102.

31 & 32 Vict. ct\ 48 l!l.

[Short title.]

Re-election of Ministers (No. 2)

Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5-

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to make temporary provision for rendering unnecessary the Re-election of Members of the House of Commons on Acceptance of Office.

[18th December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, a member of the House of Commons shall not vacate his seat by reason only of his acceptance, at any time during the months of December nineteen hundred and sixteen and January nineteen hundred and seventeen, of an office of profit, if that office is an office the holder of which is by law capable of being elected to, or sitting or voting in, that House.

(2) Where by virtue of this Act a member of the House of Commons does not vacate his seat by reason of his acceptance of any of the offices mentioned in Schedule H. of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, and Schedule H. of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, and Schedule E. of the Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868, as amended by any subsequent enactment, he shall, for the purposes of section fifty-two of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, section fifty-one of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, and section eleven of the Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868, be treated as if he had been returned as a member to serve in Parliament since the acceptance by him of such office.

(3) This Act shall be deemed to have had effect as from the first day of December nineteen hundred and sixteen.

(4) This Act shall not apply to the acceptance of any of the

offices mentioned in the Schedule to this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Re-election of Ministers (No. 2) Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE.

Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's three Chilteru Hundred?-of Stoke, Desborough, and Burnham.

Office of Steward or Bailiff of the Manors of East Hendred, Xorili-stead, or Hempholme.

1916.

Ch. 57.

169

Output of Beer (Restriction) Amendment Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to amend the Output of Beer (Restriction) Act, 1916.

[18th December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The first four quarters to which the Output of Beer Extension of (Restriction) Act, 1910 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act; , applies shall be substituted for the first three quarters to which brew-which that Act applies under section one thereof as the first il'^s »irc to hv-period for which that section is to be applied. ^Vaeo. 5.

2. Where the year ending the thirtieth day of September special -provi-nineteen hundred and fourteen is adopted by a brewer under *%ctTcio'sed the proviso to section two of the principal Act for the purpose breweries!6 of computing standard barrelage, and the brewer proves to the Commissioners that during or since the year so adopted the brewer has closed any brewery at which beer was brewed during that year either by the brewer himself or by any person then in possession of the brewery, and that the brewery was so closed as part of the private brewing arrangements of the brewer and has not since been used as a brewery, so much of any beer so brewed at the closed brewery as the Commissioners think just in the circumstances shall «be deemed to be beer brewed at the brewer’s brewery for the purpose of that section.

3. Section five of the principal Act (which relates to the Amendment supply of beer to free licensed houses) shall apply to officers’ principal Act messes and sergeants’ messes of units of the regular forces, the Royal Marines, the territorial force, and any Imperial force, as it applies*to licensed premises, with the substitution of the officer commanding the unit for the licence holder.

4. Section six of the principal Act (which makes special Extension of provision as to beer for canteens in Ireland) shall apply principal Act to Great Britain as it applies to Ireland, and the words "in toGieat Ireland" wherever they occur in that section are hereby Britain* repealed.

5. This Act may be cited as the Output of Beer (Restriction) short title. Amendment Act, 1916, and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Output of Beer (Restriction)

Acts, 1916.

M

170 Ch. 58. Registration of Business Names 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

, 1916.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to provide for the Registration of Firms and Persons carrying on Business under Business Names and for purposes connected therewith.

[22nd December 191G.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Firms ami 1. Subject to the provisions of this Act —

registered.^ (a) Every firm having a place of business in the United

Kingdom and carrying on business under a business name which does not consist of the true surnames of all partners who are individuals and the corporate names of all partners who are corporations without any addition other than the true Christian names of individual partners or initials of such Christian names;

(i b) Every individual having a place of business in the United Kingdom and carrying on business under a business name which does not consist of his true surname without any addition other than his true Christian names or the initials thereof;

(c) Every individual or firm having a place of business in the United Kingdom, who, or a member of which, has either before or after the passing of this Act changed his name, except in the case of a woman in consequence of marriage; shall be registered in the manner directed by this Act:

Provided that —

(i) where the addition merely indicates that the business is carried on in succession to a former owner of the business, that addition shall not of itself render registration necessary; and

(ii) where two or more individual partners have the same surname, the addition of an s at the end of that surname shall not of itself render registration necessary; and

(iii) where the business is carried on by a trustee in bankruptcy or a receiver or manager appointed by any court, registration shall not be necessary; and

(iv) a purchase or acquisition of property by two or more persons as joint tenants or tenants in common i> not of itself to be deemed carrying on a business whether or not the owners share any profits arising from the sale thereof.

1916.

Registration of Business Names

Act, 1916. Ch. 58.

171

2. Where a firm, individual, or corporation having a place Registration of business within the United Kingdom carries on the business £y uominee» wholly or mainly as nominee or trustee of or for another person, '

or other persons, or another corporation, or acts as general agent for any foreign firm, the first-mentioned firm, individual, or corporation shall be registered in manner provided by this Act, and, in addition to the other particulars required to be furnished and registered, there shall be furnished and registered the particulars mentioned in the schedule to this Act:

Provided that where the business is earned on by a trustee in bankruptcy or a receiver or manager appointed by any court, registration under this section shall not be necessary.

3. — (1) Every firm or person required under this Act to be Manner and registered shall furnish by sending by post or delivering to the ^s1^1tai^nof registrar at the register office in that part of the United Kingdom in which the principal place of business of the firm or

person is situated a statement in writing in the prescribed form containing the following particulars: —

(a) The business name;

(b) The general nature of the business;

(c) The principal place of the business;

(d) Where the registration to be effected is that of a firm,

the present Christian name and surname, any former Christian name or surname, the nationality, and if that nationality is not the nationality of origin, the nationality of origin, the usual residence, and the othdr business occupation (if any) of each of the individuals who are partners, and the corporate name and registered or principal office of every corporation which is a partner;

(e) Where the registration to be effected is that of an individual, the present Christian name and surname, any former Christian name or surname, the nationality, and if that nationality is not the nationality of origin, the nationality of origin, the usual residence, and fie other business occupation (if any) of such individual;

(J) Where the registration to be effected is that of a corporation, its corporate name and registered or principal office;

(g) If the business is commenced after the passing of this Act, the date of the commencement of the business.

(2) Where a business is carried on under two or more business names, each of those business names must be stated.

4. The statement required for the purpose of registration statement to must in the case of an individual be signed by him, and in the per^I^regis-case of a corporation by a director or secretary thereof, and in tering.

the case of a firm either by all the individuals who are partners, and by a director or the secretary of all corporations which are

172

Ch. 58.

Time for registration.

Registration of changes in firm.

Penalty for default in registration.

Registration of Business Names 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916:

partners or by some individual who is a partner, or a director or the secretary of some corporation which is a partner, and in either of the last two cases must be verified by a statutory declaration made by the signatory: Provided that no such statutory declaration stating that any person other than the declarant is a partner, or omitting to state that any person other than as aforesaid is a partner, shall be evidence for or against any such other person in respect of his liability' or non-liability as a partner, and that the High Court or a judge thereof may on application of any person alleged or claiming to be a partner direct the rectification of the register and decide any question arising under this section.

5. The particulars required to be furnished under this Act shall be furnished within fourteen days after the firm or person commences business, or the business in respect of which registration is required, as the case majr be: Provided that if such firm or person has carried on such business before the passing of this Act or commences such business within two months thereafter, the statement of particulars shall be furnished after the expiration of two months and before the expiration of three months from the passing of this Act, and that if at the expiration of the said two months the conditions affecting the firm or persons have ceased to be such as to require registration under this Act, the firm or person need not be registered so long as such conditions continue.

This section shall apply, in the case where registration is required in consequence of a change of name, asif for references to the date of the commencement of the business there were substituted references to the date of such change.

6. Whenever a change is made or occurs in any of the particulars registered in respect of any firm or person such firm or person shall, within fourteen days after such change, or such longer period as the Board of Trade may, on application being made in any particular case, whether before or after the expiration of such fourteen days, allow, furnish by sending by post or delivery to the registrar in that part of the United Kingdom in which the aforesaid particulars are registered a statement in writing in the prescribed form specifying the nature and date of the change signed, and where necessary verified, in like manner as the statement required on registration. 7

7. If any firm or person by this Act required to furnish a statement of particulars or of any change in particulars shall without reasonable excuse make default in so doing in the manner and within the time specified by this Act, every partner in the firm or the person so in default shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day during which the default continues, and the court shall order a statement of the required particulars or change

191G. Registration of Business Names Ch. 58. 17

Act, 191G.

in the particulars to be furnished to the registrar within such time as may be specified in the order.

8. — (1) Where any firm or person by this Act required to Disability of famish a statement of particulars or of any change in particulars in shall have made default in so doing, then the rights of that' defaulter under or arising out of any contract made or entered into by or on behalf of such defaulter in relation to the business in respect to the carrying on of which particulars were required to be furnished at any time while he is in default shall not be enforceable by action or other legal proceeding either in the business name or otherwise:

Provided always as follows:—

(a) The defaulter may apply to the court for relief against

the disability imposed by this section, and the court, on being satisfied that the default was accidental, or due to inadvertence, or some other sufficient cause, or that on other grounds it is just and equitable to grant relief, may grant such relief either generally, or as respects any particular contracts, on condition of the costs of the application being paid by the defaulter, unless the court otherwise orders, and on such other conditions (if any) as the court may impose, but such relief shall not be granted except on such service and such publication of notice of the application as the court may order, nor shall relief be given in respect of any contract if any party to the contract proves to the satisfaction of the court that, if this Act had been complied with, he would not have entered into the contract;

(b) Nothing herein contained shall prejudice the rights

of any other parties as against the defaulter in respect of such contract as aforesaid;

(c) If any action or proceeding shall be commenced by

any other party against the defaulter to enforce the rights of such party in respect of such contract, nothing herein contained shall preclude the defaulter from enforcing in that action or proceeding, by way of counterclaim set off or otherwise, such rights as he may have against that party in respect of such contract.

(2) In this section the expression "court" means the " High Court " ora judge thereof:

Provided that, without prejudice to the power of the High Court or a judge thereof to grant such relief as aforesaid, if any proceeding to enforce any contract is commenced by a defaulter in a county court, the county court may, as respects that contract, grant such relief as aforesaid.

174

Penalty for false statements.

Duty to furnish particulars to Board of Trade.

Registrar to tile statement and issue certificate of registration.

Index lo be kept.

Removal of names from register.

Ch. 58. Registration of Business Names 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

9. If any statement required to be furnished under this Act contains any matter which is false in any material particular to the knowledge of any person signing it, that person shall, on summary conviction, be liable to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine.

10. — (1) The Board of Trade may require any person to furnish to the Board such particulars as appear necessary to the Board for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not he or the firm of which he is partner should be registered under this Act, or an alteration made in the registered particulars, and may also in the case of a corporation require the secretary or any other offioer of a corporation performing the duties of secretary to furnish such particulars, and if any person when so required fails to supply such particulars as it is in his power to give, or furnishes particulars which are false in any material particular, he shall on summary conviction be liable to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or to both such imprisonment and fine.

(2) If from any information so furnished it appears to the Board of Trade that any firm or person ought to be registered under this Act, or an alteration ought to be made in the registered particulars, the Board may require the firm or person to furnish to the registrar the required particulars within such time as may be allowed by the Board, but, where any default under this Act has been discovered from the information acquired under this section, no proceedings under this Act shall he taken against any person in respect of such default prior to the expiration of the time within which the firm or person is required by the Board under this section to furnish particulars to the registrar.

11. On receiving any statement or statutory declaration

made in pursuance of this Act the registrar shall cause the same to be filed, and he shall send by post or deliver a certificate of the registration thereof to the firm or person registering and the certificate or a certified copy thereof shall be kept exhibited in a conspicuous position at the principal place of business of the firm or individual, and if not kept so exhibited, even-partner in the firm or the person, as the case may be, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

12. At each of the register offices herein-after referred to the registrar shall keep an index of all the firms'and persons registered at that office under this Act. 13 *

13. — (1) If any firm or individual registered under this Act

ceases to carry on business, it shall be the duty of the persons

who were partners in the firm at the time when it ceased to

1916.

Registration of Business Names

Art, 1916. Ch. 58.

175

carry on business or of the individual or if he is dead his personal representative, within three months after the business has ceased to be carried on, to send by post or deliver to the registrar notice in the prescribed -form that the linn or individual has ceased to carry on business, and if any person whose duty it is to give such notice fails to do so within such time as aforesaid, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) On receipt of such a notice as aforesaid the registrar may remove the firm or individual from the register.

(3) Where the registrar has reasonable cause to believe that any firm or individual registered under this Act is not carrying on business he may send to the firm or individual by registered post a notice that, unless an answer is received to such notice within one month from the date thereof, the firm or individual may be removed from the register.

(4) If the registrar either receives an answer from the firm or individual to the effect that the firm or individual is not carrying on business or does not within one month after sending the notice receive an answer, he may remove the firm or individual from the register.

14. — (1) Where any business name under which the business Misleading of a firm or individual is carried on contains the word ‘‘British" business or any other word which, in the opinion of the registrar, is calculated to lead to the belief that the business is under British ownership or control, and the registrar is satisfied that the nationality of the persons by whom the business is wholly or mainly owned or controlled is at any time such that the name is misleading, the registrar shall refuse to register such business

name or, as the case may be, remove such business name from the register, but any person aggrieved by a decision of the registrar under this provision may appeal to the Board of Trade, whose decision shall be final.

(2) The registration of a business name under this Act shall not be construed as authorising the use of that name if apart from such registration the use thereof could be prohibited.

15. There shall be offices in London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Registrar, for the registration of firms and persons whose principal places

of business are respectively situated in England and Wales,

Scotland, and Ireland, and the registrar of companies in each of those cities or such other person as the Board of Trade may determine shall be the registrar for the purposes of this Act. 16

16. At any time after the expiration of six months from the inspection of passing of this Act or of such longer period, not being more

than nine months from the passing of this Act, as the Board of Trade may by order direct, any person may inspect the documents filed by the registrar on payment of such fees as may be prescribed not exceeding one shilling for each inspection; and

176 Ch. 58. Registration of Business Names 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

, 1916.

any person may require a certificate of the registration of any firm or person, or a copy of or extract from any registered statement to be certified by the registrar or assistant registrar, and there shall be paid for such certificate of registration, certified copy, or extract such fees as may be prescribed not exceeding two shillings for the certificate of registration, and not exceeding sixpence for each folio of seventy-two words, or in Scotland for each sheet of two hundred words, of the entry, copy, or extract.

A certificate of registration, or a copy of or extract from any statement registered under this Act, if duly certified to be a true copy or extract under the hand of the registrar or one of the assistant registrars (whom it shall not be necessary to prove to be the registrar or assistant registrar), shall, in all legal proceedings, civil or criminal, be received in evidence.

Powex* for Board of Trade to make rules.

17. — (1) The Board of Trade may make rules (but as to fees with the concurrence of the Treasury) concerning any of the following matters: —

(a) The fees to be paid to the registrar under this Act, so that they do not exceed the sum of five shillings for the registration of any one statement;

(6) The forms to be used under this Act;

(c) The duties to be performed by any registrar under this

Act;

(d) The performance by assistant registrars and other officers

of acts by this Act required to be done by the registrar;

(c) Generally the conduct and regulation of registration under this Act, and any matters incidental thereto.

(2) All fees payable in pursuance of any such rules shall be applied as the Treasury may direct.

Publication of 18. — (1) After the expiration of three months from the

true names, passing of this Act every individual and firm required by this

* e‘ Act to be registered shall, in all trade catalogues, trade circulars,

showcards, and business letters, on or in which the business name appears and which are issued or sent by the individual or firm to any person in any part of His Majesty's dominions, have mentioned in legible characters —

(a) in the case of an individual, his present Christian name

or the initials thereof and present surname, any former Christian name or surname, his nationality if not British, and if his nationality is not his nationality of origin his nationality of origin; and

(b) in the case of a firm, the present Christian names, or the

initials thereof and present surnames, any former Christian names and surnames, and the nationality if not British, and if the nationality is not the nationality of origin the nationality of origin of all the partnere in the firm or, in the case of a corporation being a partner, the corporate name.

1916.

Registration of Business Names

Act, 1916. Ch. 58.

177

(2) If default is made in compliance with this section the individual or, as the case may be, every member of the firm shall be liable on summary conviction for each offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds:

Provided that no proceedings shall in England or Ireland be instituted under this section except by or with the consent of the Board of Trade.

19. Where a corporation is guilty of an offence under this Offences by Act every director, secretary, and officer of the corporation who CorH0, atl0ns-is knowingly a party to the default shall be guilty of a like offence and liable to a like penalty.

20. Anything required or authorised by this Act to be done Mode of

by the Board of Trade may be done by the President or a M, r

Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Board, or any other Trade, person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board.

21. There shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by itemunerati.m

Parliament such remuneration in respect of the duties performed Act

under this Act as the Treasury may assign.

22. In the construction of this Act the following words and interpretation expressions shall have the meanings in this section assigned to "c h‘nns' them, unless there be something in the subject or context repugnant to such construction: —

" Firm " shall mean an unincorporate body of two or more individuals, or one or more individuals and one or more corporations, or two or more corporations, who have entered into partnership with one another with a view to carrying on business for profit, but shall not include any unincorporated company which was in existence on the second day of November eighteen hundred and sixty-two:

" Business " shall include profession:

"Individual" shall mean a natural person and shall not include a corporation:

" Christian name " shall include any forename:

" Initials " shall include any recognised abbreviation of a Christian name:

In the case of a peer or person usually known by a British title different from his surname, the title by which he is known shall be substituted in this Act for his surname:

References in this Act to a former Christian name or surname shall not, in the case of natural-born British subjects, include a former Christian name or surname where that name or surname has been changed or disused before the person bearing the name had attained the age of eighteen years, and, in the case of a manned woman, shall not include the name or surname by which she was known previous to the marriage:

178

Application

Scotland.

Application

Ireland.

[Short title.]

Section 2.

Ch. 58. Registration of Business Names 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

References in this Act to a change of name shall not include, in the case of natural-born British subjects, a change of name which has taken place before the person whose name has been changed has attained the age of eighteen years; or, in the case of a peer or a person usually known by a British title different from his surname, the adoption of or succession to the title:

" Business name" shall mean the name or style under which any business is carried on, whether in partnership or otherwise:

" Foreign firm " shall mean any firm, individual, or corporation whose principal place of business is situate outside His Majesty's dominions:

"Showcards" shall mean cards containing or exhibiting articles dealt with, or samples or representations thereof:

" Prescribed " shall mean prescribed by rules made in pursuance of this Act.

23. — (1) In the application of this Act to Scotland —

"Court of Session" shall be substituted for "High

Court ";

" Sheriff court " shall be substituted for " county court"; "Trustee on a sequestrated estate" shall be substituted for " trustee in bankruptcy ";

" Receiver or manager appointed by any court " shall include "judicial factor"; and "Joint tenants" and "tenants in common" shall mean pro indiviso proprietors.

24. In the application of this Act to Ireland the expression "trustee in bankruptcy " shall be construed as including an assignee in bankruptcy and a trustee of the estate of an arranging debtor.

25. This Act may be cited as the Registration of Business Names Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE.

Description of Firm,

Where the firm, individual, or cor poration required to be registered carries on business as nominee or trustee.

The additional Particulars.

The present Christian name and surname, any former name, nationality, and if that nationality is not the nationality of origin, the nationality of origin, and usual residence, or, as the case may be, the corporate name, of every person or

1916.

179

Registration of Business Names Ch. 58, 59.

Act, 1916.

Description of Finn, &c. The additional Particular*.

corporation on whose behalf the business is carried on:Provided that if the business is carried on under any trust and any of the beneficiaries are a class of children or other persons, a description of the class shall be*sufficient.

Where the firm, individual, or corporation required to be registered carries on business as general agent for any foreign firm.

The business* name and address of the firm or person as agent for whom the business is carried on: Provided that if the business is carried on as agent for three or more foreign firms it shall be sufficient to state the fact that the business is so carried on, specifying the countries in which such foreign firms carry on business.

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Pay and Pensions of the Royal Irish Constabulary and Dublin Metropolitan Police and for other purposes relating thereto.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The pay of district inspectors of the Royal Irish Constabulary shall be according to the rates specified in Part I. of the First Schedule to this Act instead of the rates specified in Part I. of the First Schedule to the Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1914 (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1914").

(2) The pay of constables of the Royal Irish Constabulary shall be according to the rates specified in Part II. of the First Schedule to this Act instead of the rates specified in Part II. of the First Schedule to the Act of 1914.

(3) The pay of constables of the Dublin Metropolitan Police shall be according to the rates specified in the Second Schedule to this Act instead of the rates specified in the Second Schedule to the Act of 1914.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this Act any enactment with respect to the pay of district inspectors or constables shall apply

Alteration of rates of pay in certain ranks of the Royal Irish Constabulary and Dublin Metropolitan Police.

4 & 5 Geo. f>. c. 54.

180

Ch. 59,

Alteration of enactments relating to pensions and allowances and gratuities.

8 Edw. 7. c. 60.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 32.

40 & 47 Vict. c. 14.

Constabulary and Police (Ireland) 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 191G.

to pay at the rates authorised by this Act in like manner as it applies to pay at the rates actually in force at the passing of this Act.

(5) In this Act the expression "constable " has the same meaning as in the Act of 1914.

(6) Subsections (1), (2) and (3) of section one of the Act of 1914 and the First and Second Schedules to that Act are hereby repealed.

2. — (1) Section thraB of the Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1908, which authorises an increase in the amount of pension that may be granted to the widow of a constable of the Royal Irish Constabulary in certain circumstances shall apply in the case of widows of constables of the Dublin Metropolitan Police in like manner as it applies in the case of widows of constables of the Royal Irish Constabulary.

(2) In calculating the amount of the pension allowance or gratuity that may be granted to a superintendent or inspector of the Dublin Metropolitan Police, or to the widow or children of such superintendent or inspector, any lodging allowance payable to the superintendent or inspector shall be treated as part of his annual pay.

(3) In calculating the amount of the weekly allowance that may be granted under section one of the Irish Police (Naval and Military Service) Act, 1915, in respect of a married member of the Royal Irish Constabulary or Dublin Metropolitan Police who, being a reservist, has been called out, or, not being a reservist, has joined His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces for the purposes of the present war, the weekly amount which that member was receiving from police funds at the time of his being so called out or joining shall, as from the commencement of this Act, be computed as if the rates of pay authorised by this Act had been in force at that time, and as if any war bonus granted to the police force had then been payable, and the amount of any such weekly allowance may be altered so as to give effect to this provision.

(4) Paragraph (c) of Article 14 of the Second Schedule to the Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883, which provides for the calculation of a pension, allowance or gratuity in certain cases on the basis of the average annual amount of pay received by a constable in the course of the three years next before the date of his death or retirement, or the injury or cause occasioning his death Qr retirement, instead of on the basis of his actual annual pay at that date, shall cease to have effect except where a constable has been promoted to a higher rank within such three years, or where a constable (not being incapacitated by infirmity of body or mind) retires before the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and nineteen.

(5) In the application of subsection (2) of section three of the Act of 1914 to any pension, allowance or gratuity granted

1916.

Constabulary and Police (Ireland)

Act, 1916. Ch. 59.

181

after the commencement of this Act, any reference to any Schedule to the Act of 1914 shall be construed as a reference to the corresponding Schedule to this Act, and any reference to the commencement of that Act shall be construed as a reference to the commencement of this Act, but nothing in that subsection as so applied shall affect the operation of section two of the Police (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1915.

3. The statutes mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent mentioned in the said schedule.

4. This Act may be cited as the Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1916, and shall come into operation on the expiration of one week from the day on which it passes, but the rates of pay authorised by this* Act shall be deemed to have been in force as from the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and sixteen.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Rates of Pay of District Inspectors and Constables of the Royal Irish Constabulary.

Part I. District Inspectors.

Class. Length of Service in Class. i Yearly Pay.

1st class - 6 years and upwards - £ 300

3 to 6 years ? 275

Under 3 years .... 250

2nd class ... 5 years and upwards - 200

Under 5 years .... 175

3rd class - 150

6 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 41.

Repeal.

[Short title and commencement.]

Section 1 (1).

182

Ch. 59. Constabulary and Police (Ireland) 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

Section 1 (2).

Section 1 (?, ).

Part II.

Constables.

Rank. Length of Service in Rank. j Weekly Pay.

Head Constable Major s. 50

Head Constable 5 years and upwards - 49

Under 5 years 45

Sergeant - -, 4 years and upwards - 40

Under years 38

Acting Sergeant 36

Constable - ' 20 years and upwards - 34

15 to 20 years 32

11 to 15 years 31

1 7 to 11 years 30

l 5 to 7 years 28

i 2 to 5 years 27

6 months to 2 years 25

Under 6 months - 20

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rates of Pay of Constables of the Dublin Metropolitan

Police.

Rauk. Yearly Pay.

Chief Superintendent

Superintendent

Inspector

300/. on appointment, increasing by 20/. a year to 420/. and then by one yearly increment of 51. to 425/.

250/. on appointment, increasing by 14/. a year to 320/.

128/. on appointment, increasing by 8/. a year to 168/.

Rank. Length of Service in Rank. Weekly Pay.

Station Sergeant 1 s. 46

Sergeant 6 years and upwards - | 43

3 to 6 years .... 42

Under 3 years .... 40

Constable 20 years and upwards - 36

15 to 20 years - - i 3d

8 to 15 years - ... 34

3 to 8 years .... 32

1 to 3 years .... 29

j Under 1 year .... 27

Supernumerary Constable (- - 20

1916.

Ch. 59.

183

Constabulary and Police (Ireland)

Act, 1916.

Special Provisions.

1. The foregoing rates shall extend to inspectors, sergeants of less Ilian six years’ service in rank, and constables in the Detective Division. As respects other members of that division the following special rates shall apply:—

Rank. Pay.

Superintendent Chief Inspector

Sergeants of six years’ service and upwards in rank -Detective Officer -

300/. a year on appointment, increasing by 20/.

a year to 400/.

170/. a year on appointment, increasing by 8/. a year to 210/.

46a. a week. 36«. a week.

2. In the case of a superintendent, chief inspector or inspector appointed to his rank l>efore the 31st day of March 1916, his yearly pay in that rauk as from that date shall he calculated as if this schedule had been in operation at the time of his appointment.

3. Where a superintendent is appointed to the rank of chief (superintendent, his yearly pay on appointment to that rank shall not be less than his yearly pay immediately before his appointment.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Acts Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session am I Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

o & 7 Will. 4. Constabulary (Ireland) Section 17, from "whatsoever, "

c. 13. 1 Act, 1836. where it last appears, to " Freemasons, " so far as respects persons who join the Royal Irish Constabulary after the commencement of this Act.

6 & 7 Will. 4. The Dublin Police Act, Section 44, from "whatsoever, "

c. 29. 1836. where it last appears, to " Freemasons, " so far as respects persons who join the Dublin Metropolitan Police after the commencement of this Act.

Section 3.

184

Ch. CO.

Sailors and Soldiers (Gifts for 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Land Settlement) Act, 1916.

Power to accept and administer gifts for settlement of ex-suilors and soldiers on land.

* > k. 7 Geo. 5. c. 38.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 42.

Short title and raving.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to authorise the acceptance and administration by certain Government Departments and Local Authorities of Gifts for the settlement or employment on land of men who have served in His Majesty's Forces.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) It shall be lawful for the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries or for the council of any county or county borough to accept any gift by will or otherwise to be applied wholly or mainly for the settlement or employment in agriculture on land in England or Wales of men who have served in any of His Majesty's naval or military forces, and to hold any land or estate or interest in land, the subject of any such gift and to administer the trusts affecting the gift, and for the purpose of those trusts to borrow money on the security of the trust property, so, however, that all expenses incurred by the Board or the council in relation to any such trust shall be defrayed out of the trust property or the proceeds or income thereof, or out of money borrowed on the security of the trust property:

Provided that land so given to the Board shall not be deemed to be acquired by the Board under the Small Holding Colonies Act, 1916, unless the gift is expressly made for the purposes of that Act.

(2) Any assurance under this Act to the Board or to a council shall not be deemed to be an assurance to a charitable use within the meaning of the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall apply to Scotland subject to the following modifications:

For references to the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, land in England and Wales, and county boroughs, references to the Board of Agriculture for Scotland, land in Scotland, and royal parliamentary and police burghs shall be respectively substituted.

(4) Subsection (1) of this section shall apply to Ireland subject to the following modifications: —

For references to the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, and to land in England and Wales, references to the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland, and to land in Ireland shall be respectively substituted.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Sailors and Soldiers (Gifts for Land Settlement) Act, 1916.

1916.

Sailors and Soldiers (* for Land Settlement), 1916. Ch. 60, 61.

185

(2) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as prejudicing any right of accepting gifts which any such department or council as aforesaid may possess independently of this Act.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to obtain contributions from persons in the event of their liability for damage or loss from Explosions of, or other accidents in connection with, Munitions being assumed by His Majesty's Government.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) If provision is made by any scheme framed by, or on contribution the authority of, the Minister of Munitions for the assumption carfy^on by His Majesty's Government of any of the liabilities of persons munition manufacturing or dealing with munitions to which this Act applies for damage or loss attributable to the explosion of Jel&nrom munitions, contributions shall be paid by the persons whose liability for liability is assumed at such times and of such amounts as may by^xpiosfon! be fixed by, or in accordance with the provisions of, the scheme, and any such contributions may be recovered by or on behalf of His Majesty, either by means of deductions from any sums payable by or on behalf of His Majesty's Government to the persons liable to pay the contributions or from those persons summarily as a civil debt.

(2) The Minister of Munitions shall appoint an advisory committee consisting wholly or in part of persons having special knowledge of insurance for the purpose of advising him with respect to the contributions under any such scheme, and may, if he thinks fit, delegate the fixing of the amounts of the contributions to that committee.

(3) If under any such scheme different rates of contribution are fixed for different classes of persons or different classes of liability or risk, any person who is at the time of the passing of this Act manufacturing or dealing with munitions to which this Act applies may, within any time fixed by the scheme, object to any contributions demanded from him on the ground that the rate applicable in his case should be the rate of some class other than that demanded; and in that case the question as to the class of rate payable by that person shall, in default of agreement, be determined by a referee to be appointed by the advisory committee appointed under this Act, or, if the parties and the committee so agree, shall be determined by the committee,

N

186 Ch. 61, 62. Munitions (Lia for Explosions) 647 Geo. 5.

, 1916.

(4) The munitions to which this Act applies are any ammunition or mines for naval or military purposes and any component part of any such ammunition or mines and any explosives for any such ammunition or mines; and the expression "dealing with munitions " includes the handling and storage of munitions.

(5) This Act shall apply to the accidental escape or release of asphyxiating or deleterious gases, which have been, or are being, produced for use in naval or military operations, as it applies to explosions of munitions.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Munitions (Liability for

Explosions) Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to give effect to Agreements on the part of Members of Volunteer Corps to attend Drills or undergo training or perform military duty.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) It shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the offer of any member of a volunteer corps to enter into an agreement that for a period not exceeding the duration of the present war he will attend such drills and undergo such training, or undertake such military duties in Great Britain (or both) as may be provided in the agreement.

(2) If a member of a volunteer corps who has entered into any such agreement fails to comply with the terms thereof he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable, whether otherwise subject to military law or not, to be taken into military custody and to be dealt with, tried and punished as if he had committed the offence of absence without leave under the Army Act.

(3) A volunteer who has entered into any such agreement shall, during the continuance of the agreement, while engaged in any drill exercise or training, or while performing any military duty, be subject to military law as a soldier, and the Army Act shall apply accordingly.

(4) An officer of a volunteer corps who has entered into any such agreement shall, during the continuance of the agreement, be subject to military law as an officer, and the Army Act shall apply accordingly.

Power of volunteers to cuter into special agreements as to training and service.

1916.

Volunteer, 1916. Ch. 62, 63.

187

(5) Section seven of the Volunteer Act, 1863 (which enables 26 & 27 Vict, a volunteer to quit his corps on certain conditions, except when c* 65> on actual military service), shall not apply to a volunteer who has entered into any such agreement as aforesaid so long as the agreement is in force; but any volunteer officer or volunteer who has entered into any such agreement may be released or discharged from his agreement by such authority as may be specified in the agreement.

2. This Act maybe cited as the Volunteer Act, 1916, and Short title and shall be construed as one with the Volunteer Act, 1863; and the Volunteer Act, 1863, the Volunteer Act, 1869, the Volunteer c. 81.

Act, 1895, the Volunteer Act, 1897, the Volunteer Act, 1900, 69 Vict-

and this Act may be cited together as the Volunteer Acts, go & 61 Vict. 1863 to 1916. c. 47.

63 64 Vict.

c. 39.

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to make provision with respect to the possession and acquisition of land occupied or used for the Defence of the Realm in connection with the present War and for other purposes connected therewith.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Where, during the course or within the week im- Continuation mediately preceding the commencement of the present war, possession has been taken of any land by or on behalf of any for'thTj.ur^' Government department for purposes connected with the present i, osos of the war, whether in exercise or purported exercise of any prerogative rw?in?e of tll° right of His Majesty, or of any powers conferred by or under auy enactment relating to the defence of the realm, or by agreement, or otherwise, it shall be lawful, subject to the provisions of this Act, for the Government department in possession (hereinafter referred to as the occupying department), after the termination of the present war, to continue in possession of the land for such period, not exceeding two years from such termination, as the occupying department may consider necessary or expedient, and, if on application being made to the Railway and Canal Commission (hereinafter referred to as the Commission) not less than six months before the expiration of such two years the Commission consent thereto, for such further period, not exceeding three years from the expiration of such two years, as the Commission may consider necessary or expedient in the national interest.

(2) Whilst any land so continues in the possession of any occupying department, the department may for the purposes of

188 Ch. 63. Defence of the Realm (6 & 7 Geo. 5.

of Und) . 1916.

the public service exercise in relation thereto all such powers as were during the continuance of the war exercisable in relation thereto for the purposes of the defence of the realm, subject, however, as respects the power to close public highways, to the provisions of subsection (3) of section six, and, as respects the power of removal of buildings and works, to the provisions of section two:

Provided that —

(a) If the exercise of any such powers causes the pollution, abstraction, or diversion of water or the emission of noxious fumes to such an extent that if exercise of such powers had not been authorised by this Act persons interested in adjoining or neighbouring land would have been entitled to restrain the exercise thereof, any person who would have been so entitled shall be entitled to such compensation in respect of any loss occasioned by such pollution, abstraction, diversion, or emission during the period of occupation under this section as, failing agreement, may be determined in manner provided by this Act; and (i h) nothing in this section shall be construed as depriving any person of any right to recover damages in respect of any injury to property caused by accident due to the exercise of any such powers as aforesaid.

(3) The occupying department shall pay such rent in respect of any land which continues in their possession, and such continuance shall be upon and subject to such terms and conditions, as to compensation or otherwise (including compensation for any depreciation attributable to works and buildings not removed), as, failing agreement, shall be determined in manner provided by this Act, and in determining the rent payable under this provision regard shall be had to the like considerations as are set out in paragraph 6 of the schedule to this Act with respect to the determination of compensation payable for land acquired under this Act.

(4) .The occupying department may transfer possession of any land to the Admiralty or Army Council or the Minister of Munitions, and upon such a transfer being made the department to whom possession is transferred shall be deemed to be the occupying department.

Power tore- 2. — (1) Whilst any land of which possession has been so and ork9ling8 ta^en *n the P°ssessi°n of an occupying department after the an wor 9. termination of the present war, any building or other work which for purposes connected with the present war has been erected or constructed on over or under the land wholly or partly at the expense of the State, or, with the consent of the occupying department, at the expense of some person not being

1916.

Defence of the Realm (.

of Land) Act, 1916. Ch. 63.

189

a person interested in the land, may be removed, without the consent of any person interested in the land, by the occupying department, or, with the consent of the occupying department, by the person at whose expense it was erected or constructed, any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided that —

(a)where the building or work was erected or constructed partly at the expense of a person interested in the land; or

(b) where in pursuance of an agreement with a Government department any person interested in the land is entitled to the benefit of or to prohibit the removal of the building or work; this provision shall not' authorise the removal of that building or work during the continuance of such interest in the land without the consent of that person or the persons deriving title under him:

Provided also that where under any agreement a Government department is entitled to remove any such building or work nothing in this section shall prejudice the rights of the department or any other person under the agreement.

(2) Where any building or work has been removed under the powers conferred by this section the occupying department shall cause the land to be restored to the condition in which it was before the building or work was erected or constructed or shall, if the persons interested in the land agree or the Commission consent, instead of so restoring the land, pay such compensation in respect of the depreciation (if any) in the value of the land attributable to the disturbance of the soil as in default of agreement may be determined in manner provided by this Act.

(3) Where any such buildings or works have been erected or constructed upon.any common, open space, or allotment the building or work shall be removed and the land restored as aforesaid, except in such cases and to such extent as the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries on the application of the occupying department may by order declare that such removal and restoration is not required in the interests of the persons interested in the land or the public:

Provided that before any such order is made the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries shall give the local authority or board of conservators (if any) in which is vested the management of the common, open space, or allotment, and any other local authority interested, an opportunity of being heard, and that before any such order comes into effect a draft thereof shall be laid before each House of Parliament for a period of thirty days on which that House has sat, and if either of those Houses before the expiration of that period presents an address to His Majesty against the draft or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, without prejudice to the making of a new draft order.

190 Ch. 63. Defence of the Realm ( Geo. 5.

of Land) Act, 1916.

(4) Where any building or any machinery or plant fixed or attached to any land has, for purposes connected with the present war, been erected wholly or partly at the expense of the State in accordance with an agreement with any person interested in the land, any power to remove the building, machinery, and plant so erected conferred on any Government department under the agreement may be exercised, notwithstanding any rights in the building, machinery, or plant to which any other person interested in the land, whether as mortgagee or otherwise, may be entitled.

Power to 3. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act it shall be

acquire land lawful to acquire by agreement or compulsorily on behalf of

permanen Majesty —

(a) any land in the possession of an occupying department

or any interest in such land;

(b) any land on over or under which any buildings works or

improvements have, for purposes connected with the present war, been erected constructed or made wholly or partly at the expense of the State, or any interest in such land;

(2) Where any land or any interest in land is or has been so acquired any adjoining or neighbouring land (whether belonging to the same owner or not), or any right of access, or other easement or right which appears to the Commission to be required for the proper enjoyment of the land or interest so acquired, or any interest therein, may, with the consent of the Commission, also be acquired.

(3) The power to acquire land, or an interest therein, under this section shall include power to acquire the land or interest either with or without all or any of the mines or minerals lying thereunder as the purchasing department may determine, and if the surface is acquired apart from the mines and minerals either without any right of support or with such right of support as the department may require.

(4) The power of acquisition conferred by this section shall be exercisable —

(a) in the case of land in the possession of an occupying department or of land and rights required for the proper enjoyment thereof, by the occupying department at any time whilst the department is in possession, but not later than three years after the termination of the present war;

(h) in the case of other land or lights, by the Admiralty or Army Council or the Minister of Munitions at any time during the present war or within twelve months after the termination thereof.

(5) For the purposes of the acquisition of land and interests therein under this section, the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts, subject to the modifications set out in the Schedule to this Act, shall be incorporated with this Act.

1916. Defence of the Realm (Ch. 63. 191

of Ijand) Act, 1916.

(6) Where any buildings, works, or improvements have, for purposes connected with the present war, been erected, constructed, or made wholly or partly at the expense of the State, on, over, or under any land, no person shall without the consent of a Government department remove, destroy, alter, or dispose of the buildings, works, or improvements whilst the right of acquiring the land conferred by this section remains in force.

(7) Any person having power (whether subject to any consent or conditions or not) to sell land authorised to be acquired by any Government department may, subject to the like consent and conditions, grant or demise the land in perpetuity or for any term of years to the Government department at such fee farm or other rent, secured by such condition of re-entry or otherwise as may be agreed upon, and with or without a right of renewal, or grant to the Government department an option to acquire the land:

Provided that, where the power to sell arises under the Settled Lands Acts, 1882 to 1890, the powers conferred by this section shall be exercised only with the consent of the trustees of the settlement for the purposes of those Acts, or with the sanction of the court.

4. Any land which, or an interest in which, has been User of laud acquired under this Act may be used by any Government ac<iuJrcd-department for the purpose for which it was used during the war or for any other purpose for which it could have been used had the land been acquired under the Defence Acts, 1842 to 1873, or the Military Lands Acts, 1892 to 1903, notwithstanding that such user could, but for this Act, have been restrained as being in contravention of any covenant or for any other reason, and no person interested in any adjoining or neighbouring land or entitled to any riparian rights shall be entitled to restrain such user; but if, apart from this Act, any such person would have been entitled to restrain such user, then, if application for the purpose is made within three years after the date of the acquisition of the land under this Act or after the commencement of the user causing the depreciation, whichever may be the later, he shall, —

(i) if the land is used for a purpose for which it could have

been used had the land been acquired under the Defence Acts, 1842 to 1873, or the Military Lands Acts, 1892 to 1903, be entitled to such compensation in respect of any breach of a restrictive covenant or damage caused by the pollution, abstraction, or diversion of water, or by the emission of noxious fumes, as in default of agreement may be determined in manner provided by this Act; and

(ii) if the land is used for any other purpose, be entitled to

such compensation is respect of any damage occasioned by such user as in default of agreement may be determined in manner provided by this Act:

192

Ch. 63. Defence of the Realm (6 & 7 Geo. 5.

of Land), 1916.

« Edw. 7. c. n 39 & to Vict. c. 75.

66 & 57 Vict. c. 81.

Power to sell land acquired under Act.

Provided that —

(a) where such compensation is claimed in respect of any land, the department may, at any time before such claim is determined, and on payment of all costs properly incurred by the claimant in respect of his claim, require the claimant to sell the land or his interest therein at such price as would have been proper if the value of the land had not been so depreciated, such price in default of agreement to be determined in like manner as if the land had been acquired under section three of this Act; and \h) nothing in this section shall be construed as depriving any person of any right to recover damages in respect of any injury to property caused by accident due to such user as aforesaid; and

(c) in the user of land or an interest in land acquired under this Act the provisions of the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1906, and the Rivers Pollution Prevention Acts, 1876 and 1893, and of any local Act dealing with the like matters, shall be complied with, and those Acts shall apply accordingly, and nothing in this section shall affect the powers conferred by any Act, whether public general or local, on any local authority, board of conservancy, or other public authority, with respect to the prevention of the pollution of rivers, or the abatement of nuisances caused by the emission of smoke or other noxious fumes.

5. — (1) Where any land or any interest therein has by virtue of this Act been acquired by any Government department, the department may at any time thereafter sell, lease, or otherwise dispose of the land or interest.

(2) Where any such land is disposed of, then on the execution and delivery to the purchaser by the Government department concerned of the necessary or proper assurance of the land disposed of, the purchaser shall notwithstanding any defect in the title of such Government department thereto 6tand possessed thereof for such estate or interest as may be expressed or intended to be assured to him, freed and absolutely discharged (save as in the assurance may be expressed) from all prior estates, interests, rights, and claims therein or thereto:

Provided that if at any time after such disposition any such prior estate, interest, right, or claim as aforesaid is established by the person entitled thereto, there shall be paid to such person compensation to be determined in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts, as modified by this Act, with respect to interests in lands which by mistake have been omitted to be purchased.

1916. Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916. Ch. 63. 193

(3) Before any Government department sell any land so acquired or interest therein they shall, unless such land is land upon which buildings of a permanent nature have been erected wholly or partly at the expense of the State or at the request of, or by arrangement with, any Government department, or is land used in connection with such buildings, first offer to sell the same to the person then entitled to the lands (if any) from which the same were originally severed; or if such person refused to purchase the same, or cannot after diligent inquiry be found, then the like offer shall be made to the person or to the several persons whose lands shall immediately adjoin the lands so proposed to be sold.

(4) If any such persons be desirous of purchasing such lands, then within six weeks after such offer they shall signify their desire in that behalf to the Government department concerned, or if they decline such offer, or if for six weeks they neglect to signify their desire to purchase such lands, the right of preemption of every such person so declining or neglecting in respect of the lands included in such offer shall cease.

(5) If any person entitled to such pre-emption be desirous of purchasing any such lands and such person and the Government department concerned do not agree as to the price thereof, or other consideration therefor, then such price or other consideration shall be determined in manner provided by this Act.

(6) The provisions of the last three foregoing subsections shall apply in the case of a lease of land for a term exceeding twenty-one years in like manner as they apply to a sale of land, except where the land is leased for the purpose of the development thereof in connection with any factory, building, camp, or other premises erected or established on land retained by the Government.

6. — (1) Where, in the exercise or purported exercise of any prerogative right of His Majesty or any powers conferred by or under any enactment relating to the defence of the realm, or by agreement, or otherwise, for purposes connected with the present war, any railway or tramway or any cable line or pipes have been laid along, across, over, or under any public highway, it shall be lawful after the termination of the war for the railway or tramway or the cable line or pipes to continue to be used and maintained along, across, over, or under the highway, subject to such conditions as the Board of Trade, in the case of railways and tramways, and in other cases as the Commission after giving the local authority and the authority or person responsible for the maintenance of the highway or of any other railway or tramway laid thereon an opportunity of being heard, may by order prescribe, and any such authority or person may apply to the Board or Commission to make such an order:

Provided that where any such railway or tramway crosses the roadway on the level it shall not be lawful to use the crossing

Provisions as to highways.

194

Ch. 63. Defence of the Realm (Acquisition 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

of Land), 1916.

Pr->visions as fo water, li^ht. heat, and power companies ami authorities.

after the expiration of two years from the termination of the present war without the consent of the local authority.

(2) In the event of the use of any such railway or tramway being discontinued, the Government department by whom it was laid down or used shall take up and remove the rails and restore the highway on which they are laid to the satisfaction of the authority or person responsible for the maintenance of such highway.

(3) Where in exercise of any such right or powers as aforesaid any public highway has been closed, it may be kept closed after the termination of the present war, but not, by virtue of this section, beyond the expiration of twelve months after such termination unless the consent of the Commission is obtained, and the Commission before giving such consent shall give to the local authority and the authority or person responsible for the maintenance of the highway an opportunity of being heard, and the Commission may require as a condition of their consent the provision of another -highway in the place of the highway so closed, and any person interested in any land adjoining any highway so closed who suffers loss or damage in consequence of the closing thereof shall be entitled to such compensation as, in default of agreement, may be determined in manner provided by this Act to be the amount of such loss or damage.

(4) For the purposes of this section the expression "local authority" means, in the case of a borough or urban district, the council of the borough or urban district, and elsewhere the county council.

(5) Where any such railway, tramway, cable line, or pipes have been laid along, across, over, or under any public highway, or a public highway has been closed, in pursuance of an agreement with, or subject to any undertaking given to, the authority or person responsible for the maintenance of the highway, nothing in this section shall authorise the continuance of the user of the railway, tramway, cable line, or pipes, or the continuance of the closing of the highway beyond the time specified in the agreement or undertaking without the consent of the authority or person so responsible.

7. Where any company or authority authorised to supply water, light, heat, or power, has, on the requisition or at the request of any Government department for purposes connected with the present war, supplied water, light, heat, or power to any factory, building, camp, or other premises and such supply is not authorised by law, whether by reason of the premises not being within the area of supply of the company or authority or otherwise, or is in contravention of any agreement made by the company or authority, the company or authority after the termination of the war, shall, if and so long as required by any Government department to do so, continue the supply, but not beyond the expiration of twelve ipontlis after such termination unless the consent of the Commission is obtained, and before

1916. Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916. Ch. 63. 195

giving such consent the Commission shall give to the company or authority in whose area of supply the premises are situated, and any other person who appears to them to be interested in the continuance or discontinuance of such supply, an opportunity of being heard, and, if the premises are not within the area of supply of the company or authority, the company or authority shall have the like power with respect to the supply of water, light, heat, or power to the premises as if the premises were within its area of supply, and as if any roads or bridges along, across, over, on or under which any pipes or lines or other works have been laid for the purpose of supplying the premises were roads which the company or authority were authorised to break up for the purpose of their undertaking: Provided that no supply of water, light, heat, or power shall be given or shall continue to be given under this section by any company or authority if and so long as such supply would prejudice the supply within the area of supply of such company or authority.

[Determination

8. — (1) All questions as to compensation or as to the purchase price of land or any interest therein to be paid under this question» by

A, u r Railway and

Act Shall, — Canal Commission

(a) if both parties agree within such time as may be allowed by the Commission, be determined by a single arbitrator agreed by the parties;

(b) if either party so requires within such time as may be

allowed by the Commission, be referred to such one

of a panel of referees to be appointed in like manner

as the panel appointed under Part I. of the Finance iOEdw.7. c.s.

(1909-10) Act, 1910, as may be selected by the

Reference Committee as defined by section thirty-three

of that Act, whose decision shall, subject to an

appeal to the Commission on any question of law, be

final;

(c) in any other case, be determined by the Commission.

(2) The provisions of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 51 & :»2 Vict. 1888, a» amended by any subsequent enactment, relating to the c- 2r*-procedure for the determination of questions by the Commission under that Act, including the provisions relating to appeals, shall apply to the determination of questions, including appeals from referees, referred to the Commission under this Act, as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act:

Provided that —

(a) the Commission may in any case in which they think it expedient to do so call in the aid of one or more assessors specially qualified, and hear the case wholly or partially with the assistance of such assessors;

196

Ch. 63. Defence of the Realm, (6 & 7 Geo. 5.

of Land), 1916.

r»7 «Sc 5S Vic). v. 54.

Payment of compensation and purchase money.

Evidence of certificate by (lovernment department.

(b) the Commission may hold a local enquiry for the purposes of this Act by any one of their members, or by any officer of the Commission or other person whom they may direct to hold the same, and the said provisions of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, except the provisions relating to appeals, shall, so far as applicable, apply to such enquiries, and any officer or person directed to hold an enquiry shall have power to administer an oath and shall report the result of the enquiry to the Commission;

(c) the Commission may act by two* of their members, one of whom shall be the judge;

(d) the discretion of the Commission with respect to costs shall be subject to the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts as modified by this Act as to costs, in cases where those Acts as so modified apply, but shall not be limited in the manner provided by section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1894.

9. Until Parliament otherwise determines, all compensation and purchase money payable by a Government department under this Act, and all other expenses incurred by any Government department thereunder, shall be defrayed out of money provided by Parliament. 10 *

10. For the purposes of this Act a certificate by any Government department —

(a) that possession has been taken of any land for purposes connected with the present war; or

(b) that the department is in possession of such land or is the occupying department within the meaning of this Act; or

(c) that any sums therein specified have been expended by the State in erecting, constructing, or making buildings, works, or improvements for purposes connected with the present war on, over, dt under any land; or

(d) that any such buildings, works, or improvements have been erected, constructed, or made with the consent of the occupying department at the expense of a person not being a person interested in the land; or

(e) that a railway or tramway has been laid along, across, over, or under a public highway, or that a public highway has been closed, in the exercise of any prerogative right of His Majesty, or any powers conferred by or under any enactment relating to the defence of the realm for purposes connected with the present war; or

1916. Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916. Ch. 63. 197

(f) that water, light, heat, or power has been supplied to any premises on the requisition or at the request of a Government department for purposes connected with the present war; shall be prima facie evidence of the facts therein stated.

11. — (1) Any street, building, or work which has been Application of formed, erected, or constructed otherwise than in accordance bui1 , lug laws' with the provisions of any general or local Acts relating to

streets or buildings, and with any byelaws or regulations made thereunder on any land to which section one of this Act applies, or which has been acquired under section three thereof, shall, unless the authority by whom such provisions, byelaws, or regulations are enforced consent to the continuance thereof, either be so altered as to comply with such provisions, byelaws, or regulations, or be discontinued or removed within such reasonable time, not being less than two years, after such land or building has ceased to be occupied by a Government department as such authority may order, and the owner (as defined by such Acts, byelaws, or regulations) shall have power to enter upon and carry out any works without the consent of any other person, and if he fails- to comply with such order such authority as aforesaid may remove any such building or work and recover the expense incurred in such removal from the owner in a summary manner as a civil debt.

(?) If any person feels aggrieved by the neglect or refusal of such authority to give its consent, or by the conditions on which such consent is given, or as to the time within which such discontinuance or removal is ordered, he may appeal to the Ixjcal Government Board, whose decision shall be final and shall have effect as if it were a decision of the authority: Provided that the Board may before considering any such appeal ‘require the appellant to deposit such sum not exceeding ten pounds to cover the costs of appeal as may be fixed by rules to be made by them. 12

12. — (1) For the purposes of this Act, and of the provisions interpretation, of the Lands Clauses Acts incorporated with this Act, land

includes any building or part of a building, any pier, jetty, or other structure on the shore or bed of the sea or any river, and any easement or right over or in relation to land.

(2) Where consideration has been given or an advance made by the State for the erection, construction, or making of any building, work, or improvement on over or under any land for purposes connected with the present war, or where any money which would otherwise have been payable to the State has with the consent of a Government department been applied towards the erection, construction, or making of any such building, work, or improvement, the building, work, or improvement shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to have been erected, constructed, or made wholly or partly, as the case may be, at the expense of the State.

198

Ch. 63. Defence of the Realm (6 & 7 Geo. 5.

of Land), 1916.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 35.

Savings.

(3) For the purposes of this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, the expression "building" includes machinery and plant fixed or attached to the building, the expression "common" shall include any land subject to be enclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and any town or village green, and any other land subject to any right of common; the expression "open space" shall mean any land laid out as a public garden or public park or used for the purposes of public recreation; and the expression "allotment" shall mean any allotment set out for any public purpose under an Inclosure Act or award.

(4) For the purposes of this Act references to the Defence Acts, 1842 to 1873, and the Military Lands Acts, 1892 to 1903, shall include references to those Acts as applied by the Naval Works Act, 1895.

(5) For the purposes of this Act a competent naval or military authority acting under the Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm shall be deemed to be a Government department.

13. — (1) Nothing in this Act shall authorise the acquisition of any interest in any common, open space, or allotment, or the acquisition otherwise than by agreement of any land which forms part of any park, garden, or pleasure ground, or of the home farm attached to and usually occupied with the mansion house, or is the 6ite of any ancient monument or other object of archaeological interest, or of any interest in such land or grounds:

Provided that —

(a) nothing in this subsection shall prevent the acquisition, whether by agreement or compulsorily, of a right to use and maintain any cables, lines, or pipes which have been laid under any such land as aforesaid; and

(b) where before the passing of this Act there have been

erected on any park, garden, pleasure ground, or farm as above mentioned, any buildings for the manufacture of munitions of war, the Commission may by order authorise the compulsory acquisition of the park, garden, pleasure ground, or farm, or any part thereof, where they are satisfied that it is of national importance that it should be acquired, so, however, that if the owner so requires the whole of such property, including the mansion house, if any, shall be acquired, and that before the order made by the Commission comes into effect, a draft thereof shall be laid before each House of Parliament for a period of thirty days on which that House has sat, and if either of those Houses before the expiration of that period presents an address to His Majesty against the draft or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon.

1916. Defence of the Realm (Acquisition Ch. 63. 199

of Land) Act, 1916.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall authorise the retention of the possession for more than three months after the termination of the war of —

(a) land belonging to any local authority within the meaning of the Local Government (Emergency Provisions) Act, 6 & 7 Geo. 5. 1916; or c. 12.

(b) land belonging to any company or corporation carrying on a railway, dock, canal, water, or other public undertaking other than land which, having before the commencement of the present war been used for the purposes of the undertaking, had before that date ceased to be so used; or

(c) land held by or on behalf of any governing body constituted for charitable purposes which at the commencement of the war was occupied and used by that body for the purposes of that body; without the consent of the appropriate Government department, or, in the case of a university or a college at a university, without the consent of the governing body of the university or college, provided that such consent, if given, shall not authorise the retention of possession for a longer period than three years after the termination of the war, and if any question arises as to what department is the appropriate Government department, the question shall be determined by the Treasury, and nothing in this Act shall authorise the acquisition of any such land as aforesaid or of any interest in or right of access or other easement or right over any such land, except by agreement with such authority, company, corporation, or body as aforesaid.

(3) Where possession has been taken of any land under any agreement authorising the retention of the land for any period specified in the agreement, nothing in this Act shall authorise the retention of possession after the expiration of such period without the consent of the person with whom the agreement was made or the persons deriving title under him.

(4) Nothing in this Act shall authorise the compulsory acquisition of land with respect to which an agreement has been made for the restoration thereof to the owner or the person previously in occupation thereof (other than an agreement to give up possession of land at the expiration of a tenancy), or, in the case of land subject to an agreement for sale to a Government department, shall authorise the acquisition of the land otherwise than in accordance with the terms of the agreement.

(5) Nothing in this Act shall authorise the compulsory acquisition of land without the consent of the Commission where the purposes for which it is to be acquired are purposes other than those for which land can be acquired under the Defence Acts, 1842 to 1873, or the Military Lands Acts, 1892 to 1903.

(6) For the purposes of this section the expression "governing body constituted for charitable purposes" includes any person or body of persons who have a right of holding or any

200

Ch. 63. Defence of the Realm (6 & 7 Geo. 5.

of Land) A, 1916.

Saving of powers.

Application to Scotland. t

Application to Ireland.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 70.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 97.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 71.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 70.

[Short title.]

Section 3 (*A.

power of government of or management over any property appropriated for charitable purposes, and includes any corporation sole, and the governing body of any university, college, school, or other institution for the promotion of literature, science, or art.

14. The powers conferred by this Act shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any other right or power of His Majesty.

15. In the application of this Act to Scotland the following modifications shall be made: —

(a) Subsection (7) of section three and subsection (2) of

section five shall not apply.

(b) "Borough or urban district" means "royal, parliamentary, or police burgh "; " easement" means " servitude "; " mortgagee" means " heritable

creditor "; and " restrain " includes " interdict."

(c) The Local Government Board for Scotland shall be substituted for the Local Government Board, and the Secretary for Scotland for the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries.

16. In the application of this Act to Ireland the expression "the Lands Clauses Acts " shall not include the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1860, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1864, or the Railways Traverse Act, or any Act amending those Acts; and the expression "Local Government Board" means the " Local Government Board for Ireland."

17. This Act may be cited as the Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE.

Modification of the Lands Clauses Acts.

1. The department acquiring the land or interest therein shall be deemed to be the promoters of the undertaking, and this Act shall be deemed to be the special Act.

2. The provisions as to the sale of superfluous land and as to access to the special Act shall not apply.

3. All questions of disputed compensation shall be settled by an arbitrator or referee or the Commission, as the case may require (hereinafter referred to as the arbitration tribunal).

4. No allowance shall be made on account of the acquisition being compulsory.

1916.

201

Defence of the Realm (Acquisition Cif. 63.

of Land) Act 1916.

5. Where a portion only of any factory or other building is required the owners and other persons interested in such building may, notwithstanding anything in the Lands Clauses Acts, be required to sell and convey the portions only of the building so required, if the Commission are of opinion that such portions can be severed from the remainder of the properties without material detriment thereto, and in such -case compensation shall be paid for the portions required, and for any damage suffered by the owners or other parties interested in the building by severance or otherwise.

6. In determining the amount of compensation, the value of the land acquired shall be taken to be the value which the land would have had at the date of the notice to treat if it had remained in the condition in which it was at the commencement of the present war, without regard to any enhancement or depreciation in the value which may be attributable directly or indirectly to any buildings, works, or improvements, erected, constructed, or made on, over or under the land, or any adjoining or neighbouring land for purposes connected with the present war wholly or partly at the expense of the State, or, with the consent of the occupying department, at the expense of any person not being a person interested in the land:

Provided that —

(a) where any such building, work, or improvement was erected,

constructed, or made in pursuance of an agreement with any person interested in the land, the consideration given by such person shall be taken into account in assessing the compensation payable in respect of such interest;

(b) where by virtue of an agreement with any Government department any person interested in the land is entitled as

between himself and that department to the benefit of any such building, work, or improvement, the value attributable to such building, work, or improvement shall be taken into account in assessing the compensation payable in respect of such interest;

(c) where, since the commencement of the present war, any person interested in the land has himself erected, constructed, or made any building, work, or improvement, or has contributed to the expense thereof, or has committed any act depreciating the value of the land, the value attributable to his expenditure or the depreciation in value attributable to such act shall be taken into account in assessing the compensation payable in respect of such interest.

7. In determining the amount of compensation the arbitration tribunal shall also take into account the amount (if any) of any compensation paid or other payment received in respect of the previous occupation of the laud so far as such compensation or payment was payable in respect of matters other than the mesne profits of the land.

8. Where the surface of the land is acquired without the mines and minerals lying thereunder, the provisions of sections seventy-seven to eighty-five of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall apply subject to this modification, that for the purpose of section seventy-eight of that Act " prescribed " shall mean " prescribed by the arbitration tribunal."

9. Where by reason of the erection, construction, or making of any such buildings, works, or improvements as aforesaid or the maintenance thereof, or by reason of the user of the land, any interest in the land has

0

202

Ch. 63, 64. Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

become or might become forfeited or liable to forfeiture, the compensation shall be determined as if no such forfeiture or liability to forfeiture had arisen or might arise.

10. The Lord Chancellor may make rules fixing a scale of costs to be applicable on an arbitration under this Act, and the arbitration tribunal may, notwithstanding anything in the Lauds' Clauses Acts, determine the amount of costs, and shall have power to disallow as costs in the arbitration the costs of any witness whom they consider to have been called unnecessarily, and any other costs which they consider to have been caused or incurred unnecessarily, and, if they think the circumstances such as to justify them in so doing, to order that each of the parties shall bear their own costs.

11. There may be contained in the award of the arbitration tribunal a finding that the claimant, after having been requested in writing by the department by whom the land or interest therein is to be acquired so to do, has failed to deliver to such department within a reasonable time a statement in writing of the amount claimed, together with any information in his possession which may be reasonably required to enable such department to make a proper offer, and, where such a finding is contained in, the award, the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts as to costs of arbitrations shall apply as if such department had offered the same sum or a greater sum than that found to be due by the award:

Provided that this provision shall not apply unless the written request for information contained a notice of the effect of this provision.

12. The provisions of this Schedule shall apply to Scotland subject to the following modifications:—

(a) For the reference to mesne profits there shall be substituted a reference to profits:

(b) For the reference to sections seventy-seven to eighty-five of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, there shall be substituted a reference to sections seventy to seventy-eight of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and for the reference to section seventy-eight of the former Act there shall be substituted a reference to section seventy-one of the latter Act:

(c) "The Court of Session" and "Act of Sederunt" shall be substituted for "the Lord Chancellor" and "rules" respectively.

13. The provisions of this Schedule shall apply to Ireland with the substitution of a reference to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland for the reference to the Lord Chancellor.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Prevention of Corruption.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1916.

Prevention of Corruption, 1916. Ch. 64.

203

1. A person convicted on indictment of a misdemeanour increase of under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1906, or the Public

Bodies Corrupt Practices Act, 1889, shall, where the matter or certain cases, transaction in relation to which the offence was committed was 6 7.

a contract or a proposal for a contract with His Majesty or any 52 *'53 Vict. Government Department or any public body or a sub-contract c. 69. to execute any work comprised in such a contract, be liable to penal servitude for a term not exceeding seven nor less than three years:

Provided that nothing in this section shall prevent the infliction in addition to penal servitude of such punishment as under the above-mentioned Acts may be inflicted in addition to imprisonment, or prevent the infliction in lieu of penal servitude of any punishment which may be inflicted under the said Acts.

2. Where in any proceedings against a person for an offence Presumption under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1906, or the Public jj £^.Ption Bodies Corrupt Practices Act, 1889, it is proved that any money, cLJ*.

gift, or other consideration has been paid or given to or received by a person in the employment of His Majesty or any Government Department or a public body by or from a person, or agent of a person, holding or seeking to obtain a contract from His Majesty or any Government department, or public body, the money, gift, or consideration shall be deemed to have been paid or given and received corruptly as such inducement or reward as is mentioned in such Act unless the contrary is proved.

3. Notwithstanding anything in the Summary Jurisdiction Time for Acts proceedings under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1906, ceedhfgs" instituted with a view to obtaining a summary conviction for

an offence thereunder may be commenced at any time before the expiration of six. months after the first discovery of the offence by the prosecutor.

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Prevention of Cor- short title ruption Act, 1916, and the Public Bodies Corrupt Practices a.nd interPreta Act, 1889, the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1906, and this Acttl0IK

may be cited together as the Prevention of Corruption Acts,

1889 to 1916.

(2) In this Act and in the Public Bodies Corrupt Practices Act, 1889, the expression "public body includes, in addition to the bodies mentioned in the last-mentioned Act, local and public authorities of all descriptions.

. (3) A person serving under any such public body is an agent within the meaning of the Prevention of Corruption Act,

1906, and the expressions "agent" and "consideration ’’ in this Act have the same meaning as in the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1906, as amended by this Act.: ‘

204

Ch. 65.

Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

CHAPTER 65.

An Act for establishing a Ministry of Pensions and for purposes connected therewith.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Establishment 1. In order to unify the administration of such pensions, PenSoi£ero£ grants, and allowances as are herein-after mentioned, there shall be a Minister of Pensions appointed by His Majesty and the Minister shall be entitled to receive advice and assistance from the Parliamentary and Financial Secretary of the Admiralty, the Financial Secretary of the War Office, and the Parliamentary Secretary of the Local Government Board in respect of any matter on which such advice and assistance is requested by the Minister.

Duties and 2. — (1) There shall be transferred to the Minister of

KXr'of Pensions

Pensions. (a) The powers and duties of the Admiralty with respect to

pensions and grants to persons who have served as officers or men, and to their widows, children, and other dependants, and to persons who have been employed in the nursing service of any of His Majesty's naval forces, other than service pensions, so far as such pensions and grants are payable out of moneys provided by Parliament, and not provided exclusively for the purpose of Greenwich Hospital;

(b) the powers and duties of the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea with respect to the grant and administration of disability pensions and grants, other than in-pensions;

(c) the powers and duties of the Army Council and the Secretary of State for the War Department with respect to pensions and grant^to persons who have served as officers or soldiers, and to their widows, children, and other dependants, and to persons who have been employed in the nursing service of any of His Majesty's military forces, other than service pensions;

and His Majesty may by Order in Council make such adaptations in the enactments relating to such powers and duties as aforesaid as may be necessary to make exerciseable by the Minister and his officers the powers and duties of the several authorities above mentioned and their officers, and may fix the time or times as from which the several powers and duties are to be transferred to the Minister.

1916. Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916. Ch. 65. 205

(2) The Minister of Pensions shall in each year prepare and lay before Parliament a report of the proceedings of the Ministry.

3. The powers and duties of the Statutory Committee under Relations with the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, shall be cSJSStoe exercised and performed by that Committee under the control 5 & 6 Geo. 5. of, and in accordance with, the instructions of the Minister c. 83.

of Pensions, and the Statutory Committee shall render to the Minister of Pensions advice and assistance in respect of any matter on which Such advice and assistance is requested by the Minister.

4. The local committees constituted under the Naval and Functions of Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, shall, at the instance of

the Minister of Pensions, exercise, with respect to pensions and grants administered by that Minister, all such functions as to inquiring, reporting, collecting, and furnishing information, making recommendations and distributing grants as by the said Act are exerciseable by those committees at the instance of the Statutory Committee.

5. — (1) The Minister of Pensions may appoint such secre- staff, remu-taries, officers, and servants as the Minister may, with the exSn»M».and sanction of the Treasury, determine.

(2) There shall be paid, out of moneys provided by Parliament, to the Minister of Pensions such annual salary not exceeding two thousand pounds, and to the secretaries, officers, and servants of the Ministry such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may determine. 6 *

6. — (1) The Minister of Pensions may sue and be sued, and s<7^»eai, and

may for all purposes be described by that name. feinistero?°£

(2) The Minister shall have an official seal, which shall be Pensions, officially and judicially noticed, and that seal shall be authenticated by the signature of the Minister, or of a secretary, or of

some person authorised by the Minister to act on behalf of a secretary.

(3) Every document purporting to be an instrument issued by the Minister, and to be sealed with the seal of the Minister, authenticated in manner provided by this Act, or to be signed by a secretary or any person authorised by the Minister to act on behalf of a secretary, shall be received in evidence, and be deemed to be such an instrument without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(4) A certificate signed by the Minister that any instrument purporting to be made or issued by him is so made or issued shall be conclusive evidence of the fact.

(5) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as amended by 31 & 32 Vict, the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall apply to the Minister J63£46 Vict of Pensions as if that Minister were mentioned in the first c. 9. column of the schedule to the first-mentioned Act, and as if the

206

Ch. 65.

Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Power for Minister and a secretary to sit in Parliament.

30 & 31 Vict, c. 102.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 48.

31 32 Vict. c. 49.

31 32 Vict. c. 72.

Transfer of officers.

Short title, interpretation^ and repeal.

Minister, or a secretary of the Ministry, or any person authorised by the Minister to act on his behalf, was mentioned in the second column of that schedule.

7. — (1) The office of Minister of Pensions shall not render the person holding it incapable of being elected to, or of voting in, die Commons House of Parliament, and shall be deemed to be an office included in Schedule H. of the Representation of the People Act, 1867; in Schedule H. of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868; in Schedule E. of the Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868; and in Part I. of the schedule of the Promissory Oaths Act, 1868.

(2) The person who is first appointed to be Minister of Pensions shall not by reason of such appointment, if a member of the Commons House of Parliament, vacate his seat as such member.

(3) One of the secretaries of the Ministry shall not by reason of his office be incapable of being elected to, or of voting in, the Commons House of Parliament.

8. — (1) There shall be transferred and attached to the Ministry of Pensions such of the persons employed under the Admiralty, the Commissioners of the said hospital, and the Army Cquncil, in or about the execution of the powers and duties transferred to the Minister of Pensions by this Act, as, subject to the consent of the Treasury, may be agreed between the several authorities above mentioned and the Minister of Pensions.

(2) The Minister of Pensions may from time to time distribute the business of the Ministry amongst the several persons transferred thereto in pursuance of this Act in such manner as the Minister may think right, and those officers shall perform such duties in relation to that business as may be directed by the Minister:

Provided that such persons shall while they cpntinue in . office be in no worse position as respects their tenure of office, salary, and superannuation allowances than they would have been had thiB Act not been passed. # 9

9. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916.

(2) For the purposes of this Act "service pension" means any pension or award in respect of age, length of service or special service or attached to any medal or other decoration, whether payable to persons who have been officers or men, or their widows, children, or other dependants, and the expression "pension" in relation to officers other than naval warrant officers means retired pay.

1916.

Dublin Reconstruction

’ (Emergency Provisions), 1916. Ch. 66.

207

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to amend the Law as to the erection of buildings and the making and improvement of streets in connection with the reconstruction of areas, streets, and buildings recently damaged or destroyed in Dublin, and for other purposes incidental thereto.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Where the right honourable the lord mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of Dublin (in this Act referred to as " the corporation ") require to purchase land under the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1907, for the purpose of widening, opening, enlarging or otherwise improving streets, in the city of Dublin in connection with the reconstruction of areas, streets, houses or buildings destroyed or damaged in the course of the recent disturbances, they may be authorised to purchase the land compulsorily by means of an order submitted to the Local Government Board and confirmed in accordance with the schedule to this Act.

(2) Any such order may for the purpose of enabling the corporation to widen an existing street authorise the corporation to compulsorily acquire any lands (hereinafter called "the acquired lands") more remote from such street than the premises actually fronting upon the street, and such order may provide that when the acquisition of the acquired' lands is completed, the respective interests in the lands (hereinafter called " the intervening lands ") situate between the street and the acquired lands shall cease to attach to the same and shall instead attach to the lands (including the necessary portions of the acquired lands) exactly corresponding in area, lay out, and situation with relation to the new frontage of the widened street and any street intersecting or intersected by the same. Such last-mentioned lands are hereinafter called "the substituted lands."

(3) As from the coming into operation of the said order with reference to the respective interests in the intervening lands, every grant, conveyance, and assurance relating to any portion of the intervening lands and every interest, legal and equitable, in the same shall affect the corresponding portion of the substituted lands as if such portion were the land originally dealt with in such grant, conveyance, or assurance, or affected by such interest. The order shall be registered in the proper office for the registration of deeds or titles, as the case requires, in such manner as may be prescribed.

Acquisition and substitution of land compulsorily for the purpose of street improvements.

208

Ch. 66.

Dublin Reconstruction 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Emergency Provisions) A, 1916.

41 42 Vict. c. 52.

Preservation of amenity.

(4) The procedure under this section for the compulsory purchase of land shall be substituted for the procedure for the compulsory purchase of land under section two hundred and three of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

2. — (1) A person who proposes to erect a new building on the site of a building which has been damaged or destroyed in the course of the recent disturbances or to reconstruct or alter a building which has been damaged as aforesaid (in this section referred to as " the building owner ") shall, in addition to any plans and sections of the proposed work which are required by the byelaws of the corporation to be delivered at the office of the town clerk, deliver at the same time and place elevations on the same scale as that of the plans and sections and shall furnish to the city architect, if and when so requested by him, any detailed drawings or other particulars *which the city architect may consider reasonably necessary for the further explanation of the documents delivered.

(2) If it appears to the city architect, having regard to the nature and situation of the site of the proposed new building, or of the building proposed to be restored or altered, or the external design of any buildings erected or in the course of erection in the neighbourhood of that site, that the character of the proposed new building, restoration, or alteration is such as would be injurious to the amenity of the street which the front of the proposed new building or the building proposed to be restored or altered faces, whether on account of the proposed external design, the proposed line of frontage, or the materials proposed to be used in the external walls facing that street or in any portion of the building which will be visible from that street, he may require such reasonable alterations to be made as respects the design, line of frontage, and materials as he thinks proper, and may require the plans, sections, and elevations to be amended accordingly. The front of a building at the comer of two streets shall be deemed to face each street for the purposes of this provision.

(3) A requirement of the city architect under this section shall not have effect unless notice thereof in writing is delivered or sent by post to the building owner within one month after the day on which the plans, sections, and elevations are delivered as aforesaid, or within fourteen days after the day on which the further particulars (if any) are furnished as aforesaid, whichever period expires later.

(4) If any dispute or difference arises as to the reasonableness of any requirement of the city architect under this section the matter in dispute shall be settled by arbitration between the corporation and the building owner, and the corporation shall appoint the city architect or a person nominated by him to be arbitrator on their behalf, and the building owner shall appoint an arbitrator on his behalf, and section two

1916. Dublin Reconstruction Ch. 66.

(Emergency Provisions), 1916.

hundred and seventeen of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall apply with respect to the arbitration as it applies with respect to arbitrations under that Act, subject to the following modifications:

(a) The reference to the Local Government Board shall be

construed as a reference to the Lord Lieutenant;

(b) Any reference to that Act shall be construed as a

reference to this Act;

(c) In considering the reasonableness of any requirement,

the arbitrators or umpire may take into account the expenses which would be incurred in complying with the same and a requirement that any material or materials shall be supplied from any specified source of supply shall be deemed to be unreasonable;

(d) The arbitrators or umpire shall have power to make

such modifications of any requirement of the city architect as seem proper, and the requirement as so modified shall be deemed to be a requirement of the city architect under this section;

(e) The powers of the arbitrators and umpire as to the costs

shall include a power to direct to and by whom and in what manner the costs (including solicitor and client costs) or any part thereof are to be paid;

(f) The appointment of an arbitrator on behalf of the corporation may be made by any committee of the corporation to which that power is delegated and need not be under seal.

(5) Subject to the provisions of the last preceding subsection* a requirement of the city architect under this section shall be enforceable under the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1907, in the same manner as if it were a proper requirement contained in byelaws of the corporation relating to buildings, as if the notice of the requirement were a notice of disapproval of the proposed work given by the corporation in pursuance of the byelaws, and as if the execution of the work, otherwise than in accordance with the requirement, were an offence against those byelaws, and its continuance in such a form and state as to be in contravention of the requirement were a continuing offence.

(6) Anything to be done or omitted in relation to any building in order to comply with a requirement of the city architect under this section may be done or omitted notwithstanding any covenant, condition or provision to the contrary in any lease, mortgage, or other instrument affecting the building or the land on which it is erected, and the act or omission shall be deemed not to be a breach, non-performance, or contravention of any such covenant, condition, or provision.

(7) Where a requirement of the city architect under this section necessitates an alteration of the former frontage line the

210 Ch. 66. Dublin Reconstruction 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

provisions of section thirty-nine of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, as to compensation shall apply in like manner as if the new frontage line had been prescribed by the corporation under that section.

(8) The corporation may on the recommendation of the city architect relax or waive any byelaw of the corporation relating to buildings where and so far as such relaxation or waiver is necessary in order to enable a joint plan of reconstruction to be carried out in relation to two or more buildings subject to the consent of the owners of these buildings, but, save as aforesaid, the provisions of this section shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any byelaws of the corporation relating to buildings.

Loans in aid 3. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section the cor-

recOTS^ction Porati°n may advance money on the security of the ownership of the site of any house or building which has been damaged or destroyed in the course of the recent disturbances for the purpose of enabling the house or building to be rebuilt or restored in such manner as will comply with the requirements of any existing byelaws of the corporation and any requirements of the city architect under this Act.

(2) The advance shall not exceed the difference between the amount which the Local Government Board certify to be the total cost of rebuilding or restoring the house or building in such manner as aforesaid and the amount of the compensation granted out of public moneys in respect of the destruction or damage of or to the house or building, and no advance shall

» be made unless such compensation has been granted and unless the Local Government Board certify that the advance is necessary for the purpose aforesaid.

(3) The advance shall be repayable within such period, with interest at such rate and by such instalments or otherwise as may be agreed upon subject to the sanction of the Local Government Board, but the rate of interest shall not be more than ten shillings above the rate at which the corporation can at the date of the advance borrow money for the purpose from the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and the term of repayment shall be a term six months less than the term for which the corporation can so borrow, unless a shorter term is agreed on: Provided that in the case of an advance in several sums successively the foregoing provisions as to the term of repayment and as to the rate of interest shall have effect as respects each sum advanced as if it were a separate advance:

Provided also, that the balance of any such advance outstanding at any time may be repaid by the borrower on giving six months’ notice in writing to the corporation.

(4) Subject to the provisions of section four of this Act the repayment of the advance and interest as aforesaid shall be secured by a mortgage of the site of the house or building in

1916. Dublin Reconstruction Pe. 66. 211

(Emergency Provisions), 1916.

such form as may he approved by the Local Government Board. The mortgage may contain provisions for authorising the advance to be made in several sums successively as the works of rebuilding or restoration proceed, and for ensuring that the advance will be applied in defraying the expenses of those works and such other provisions as the Board deem necessary, and no money shall be advanced unless and until the Board certify that they are satisfied that the value of the estate or interest assured by the mortgage is sufficient security for the repayment of the advance and that the title to the estate or interest so assured is one which an ordinary mortgagee would be willing to accept.

(5) The corporation may exercise all the powers and remedies for recovery of the principal money and interest which are expressed in the mortgage or implied therein by law.

(6) An application for an advance in accordance with the provisions of this section shall not be refused, except where and so far as the corporation cannot borrow money for the purpose from the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

(7) In this section the expression "ownership " in relation to the site of a house or building means such interest or combination of interests as constitutes an estate in fee simple or fee farm in possession or a leasehold interest in possession under a lease for lives or years renewable for ever or a lease for a term of at least ninety years unexpired at the date of the mortgage.

4. — (1) Where a person desirous of obtaining an advance Loans secured under the last preceding section is not in a position to secure oMo?.arsin8 the repayment of the advance in accordance with the provisions of that section owing to defective title or the insufficiency of his interest in the site or of the value of that interest and the other persons whose concurrence is necessary in order to remedy or remove the defect or insufficiency are unable or unwilling to concur in securing the advance he may apply to the Land Judge for an order charging the ownership of the site and any interest therein with the repayment of the advance and interest.

(2) On any such application the Land Judge may direct such inquiries and investigations as he thinks proper for the purpose of ascertaining the title to the ownership of the site and the values of the several interests therein, and if after giving to all persons interested an opportunity of being heard it appears to him that the advance would enure to the benefit of other interests besides the ’interest of the applicant, and that all those interests afford together sufficient security for the advance he may make an order charging all such interests and each of them with the repayment of the advance and interest, and may by the same or any other order apportion the advance, interest, and instalments as between the several interests charged in proportion to the benefit accruing from the advance to the owners of those interests respectively.

212

Ch. 66,

Dublin Reconstruct ion 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Emergency Provisions) A, 1916.

(3) Subject to the limitations imposed by the last preceding section the amount of the advance, the rate of interest, and the term and method of repayment shall be at the discretion of the Land Judge.

(4) Provision may be made by the charging order for ensuring that the advance will be applied in defraying the expenses of the works of rebuilding or restoration and for any other matters for which, in the opinion of the Land Judge, provision ought to be made.

(5) A charging order shall be effectual to charge each interest expressed to be charged with the repayment to the corporation of the advance and interest in manner therein provided as a first charge in priority to all charges and incumbrances thereon.

(6) Where the Land Judge makes an apportionment order he may, if he thinks fit, declare that the whole of the principal money, interest, and instalments for the time being payable under the charging order shall, in the first instance, be paid by and recoverable from the owners for the time being of any interest in the site which he may specify, and may provide for contribution and adjustment of rights and liabilities as between the several interests charged and the several owners thereof for the time being in such manner as appears to him to be equitable.

(7) The Land Judge shall have power to apportion the liability for any charge or incumbrance which affects any other lands or interests as well as the interest charged or proposed to be charged under this section, and to provide for such contribution as between the lands and interests liable, and such adjustments of rights and liabilities (including indemnities) in relation to the common liability as appear to him to be equitable.

(8) The Land Judge shall have power to ascertain in such manner as he thinks proper what easements and rights (if any) affect or are attached to any site or interest charged or proposed to be charged under this section and to define all or any of those easements and rights, and to hear and finally determine all questions and claims that may arise with respect to any of the easements or rights, or any actual or anticipated infringement or violation of the same and to stay proceedings in any other court in relation to any such infringement or violation.

(9) For the purposes of this section the Land Judge, in addition to his powers and jurisdiction as Land Judge, shall have and may exercise all such powers and jurisdiction as are vested in or exerciseable by the High Court or any division, court, or judge thereof, under any enactments or rules which are applied for the purposes aforesaid by rules made under this section.

(10) The Land Judge may review, rescind, or vary any order made under this section, but no such order shall be subject to

1916. Dublin Reconstruction Ch. 66.

. (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

appeal and no proceedings before the Land Judge under this section shall be removed into or restrained or questioned by any court.

(11) The Judicial Commissioner or any other judge of the Supreme Court who may be nominated in that behalf by the Lord Chancellor and so consents may, during the absence of the Land Judge through illness or any other cause, act as Land Judge for the purposes of this section, and whilst so acting shall have and may exercise all the powers and jurisdiction of the Land Judge for those purposes.

Arrangements may be made between the Land Judge and the Judicial Commissioner for the performance by officers of the Land Commission in cases of urgency of any duties under this section which may be directed by the Land Judge, and those duties shall be performed by those officers accordingly.

(12) The Land Judge may make rules for carrying the fore* going provisions of this section into effect, and may by any such rules regulate the practice and procedure under this section (including costs), and for that purpose may adapt any enactments or rules regulating practice and procedure in the High Court or any division or court thereof.

(13) For enforcing a charging order made under this section the corporation, in addition to any other powers and remedies in that behalf, shall have and may exercise all the powers and remedies which are conferred on mortgagees by the Conveyancing Acts, 1881 to 1911; and those Acts shall apply accordingly in like manner as if the order were a mortgage made by deed.

(14) It shall be the duty of the corporation to cause each charging order to be registered forthwith in a special register to be kept for the purpose in the Registry of Deeds. The special register shall be kept and registration therein shall be effected in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Land Judge, and the registration of an order in accordance with those regulations shall be in substitution for registration under any enactments relating to registration, and the order and the charge thereby created shall be exempt from the provisions of any such enactments accordingly.

The regulations may —

(a) provide for the register being open for inspection at

all reasonable times, and for the issue of certificates as to orders registered, and as to entries with respect to any specified land or interest;

(b) prescribe (subject to the approval of the Treasury) the

fees which may be charged for inspection or for certificates, and the method in which fees are to be applied and accounted for;

(c) provide for any other matters in respect of which, in the opinion of the Land Judge, provision ought to be made.

. 213

214 .

Acquisition of derelict premises by the corporation.

Valuation of

injured

premises.

Temporary exemption from rates of injured premises.

Provisions as to licences.

Ch. 66. Dublin Reconstruction 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Emergency Provisions), 1916.

6. — (1) At any time after the expiration of two years from the passing of this Act, if it appears to the Local Government Board, on the application of the corporation, that the rebuilding or restoration of a house or building destroyed or damaged in the course of the recent disturbances has not been commenced or, although commenced, has been discontinued, the Board may, unless they are satisfied that the rebuilding or restoration will be completed within a reasonable time, make an order authorising the corporation to acquire the site thereof.

(2) Applications under this section shall be made in such manner and after publication and service of such notices as may be prescribed, and before making an order the Board shall consider any objections which may be made thereto by any persons interested in the site.

(3) When an order is made under this section the corporation shall have power to acquire the site specified in the order under the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1907, as amended by this Act, in like manner as if it were land required for the purpose of improving a street, and may sell, let, or otherwise dispose of the same when acquired in such manner and on such conditions as may be sanctioned by the Local Government Board, including conditions for securing the erection of suitable buildings on the site: Provided that it shall be the duty of the corporation, on the expiration of two years from the acquisition of the site by them, to erect thereon suitable buildings if they have not in the meantime sold, let, or otherwise disposed of the site as aforesaid.

6. No hereditament or tenement upon which was built any building or house destroyed, nor any such building or house when rebuilt, shall be liable to be valued under the Irish Valuation Acts at a sum larger than the valuation in force on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and sixteen, for a period of twelve years from the passing of this Act.

7. No building or house destroyed, nor the land on which the same stood, shall be assessed or liable to any local rate from the twenty-fourth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixteen, until the expiration of one year from the rebuilding of the said house or building.

8. In the case of any public-house, hotel, or other licensed premises, which have been destroyed or damaged in the recent disturbances, and in which business has in consequence been suspended during the period of rebuilding or restoration, the licence (for the purposes of renewal and any certificates required for renewal but for no other purpose), shall be deemed to continue in force up to the time of the completion of such rebuilding or restoration, and to be vested in the person legally entitled to the said premises, and it shall be competent for such person to apply for any justices’ certificate required for renewal, and for the

1916. Dublin Reconstruction Ch. 66. 215

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

court to consider such application, although the same may not be made to the annual licensing petty sessions. Any certificate as to the conduct of the business, required for the purposes of renewal, shall be a certificate as respects the conduct of the business during the period between the date of the last renewal and the destruction of or damage to the premises, and the Licensing (Ireland) Acts, 1833 to 1902, shall be deemed to be amended accordingly.

9. Where a building destroyed or damaged as aforesaid is Extension of held under a lease for a term of years of which the residue J J* unexpired on the twenty-fourth day of April, nineteen hundred

and sixteen, wqp more than five and less than thirty •one years, section five of the Town Tenants (Ireland) Act, 1906 (which relates to compensation for unreasonable disturbance), shall apply to the building when rebuilt or restored in like manner as it applies to a building held under a lease made after the passing of that Act for a term of less than thirty-one year?.

10. — (1) The expenses of the corporation in the execution of Expenses this Act shall be defrayed out of the rate or fund applicable to ^r°W* the purposes of the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1907,

and the corporation may borrow for any of the purposes of this Act in like manner as they may borrow for the purposes of those Acts, but money so borrowed shall not be reckoned as part of the debt of the corporation within the meaning of the limitation on borrowing imposed by subsection (2) of section two hundred and thirty-eight of the Public Health (Ireland)

Act, 1878.

(2) The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland niay lend money to the corporation for any of the purposes of this Act in like manner as they may lend money for the purposes of the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1907.

(3) The validity of the proceedings of the corporation in the execution of this Act shall not be questioned on the ground solely that the requirements of any standing order of the corporation have not been complied with.

(4) Where a loan is made to the corporation for the purposes of this Act —

(a) The loan shall be made at the minimum rate for loans

out of the Local Loans Fund at the time of the advance;

(b) The loan may be made for such period not exceeding

eighty years as may be sanctioned by the Local Government Board, and the periods in sections two hundred and thirty-eight and two hundred and forty-six, respectively, of the Public Health (Ireland) Act,

1878, shall be extended accordingly;

(c) Any balance of any such loan outstanding at any time

may be repaid by the corporation on giving six months’ notice in writing to the lenders of the same;

(d) The extension of the period of repayment shall not be a

ground for increasing the rate of interest.

216

Interpretation and general.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 37.

[Short title.]

Section 1 (1).

Ch. 66. Dublin Reconstruction 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Emergency Provisions), 1916.

11. — (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

the expression "Land Judge" means the Land Judge of the Chancery Division of the High Court; the expression "Judicial Commissioner" means the Judicial Commissioner of the Land Commission; die expression " Local Government Board" means the Local Government Board for Ireland; the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by the Local Government Board; the expression "site" includes buildings and other structures on, in, or under the surface; and the expression "buildings " includes houses.

(2) Article 32 of the Schedule to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898, so far as it relates to local inquiries shall apply for the purposes of this Act as it applies for the purposes of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898.

(3) It is hereby declared that nothing in this Act affects any land, estate, interest, or right vested in His Majesty, or vested in any public officer or body in trust for the public service or public purposes.

12. This Act may be cited as the Dublin Reconstruction (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to the Compulsory Acquisition of Land by the Corporation.

1. The corporation where they propose to purchase or substitute land compulsorily under this Act may submit to the Board an order authorising the corporation to put in force as respects the land specified in the order the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement and the provisions of this Act with respect to substitution, as the case requires.

2. An order under this schedule shall be of no force unless and until it is confirmed by the Board, and the Board may confirm the order either without modification or subject to such modifications as they think fit, and an order when so confirmed on the expiration of one month from the publication of notice of confirmation shall, save as otherwise expressly provided by this schedule, become final and have effect as if enacted in this Act; and the confirmation by the Board shall be conclusive evidence that the requirements of this Act have been complied with, and that the order has been duly made, and is within the powers of this Act.

3. The order shall be in the prescribed form, and shall contain such provisions as the Board may prescribe for the purpose of carrying the order into effect, and shall incorporate, subject to the necessary adaptations, the Lands Clauses Acts as defined in this schedule.

1916.

Dublin Reconstruction

(Emergency Provisions), 1916.

Cfl. 66.

217

4. On the submission of the order to the Board notice of the order shall be published by the corporation in the prescribed manner, and such notice shall be given both in the locality in which the land is proposed to be acquired or substituted, and to the owners, lessees, and occupiers of that land as may be prescribed.

5. If within one month after the publication of the notice of the order no objection to the order has been presented to the Board by a person interested in the land, or if every such objection has been withdrawn, the Board may, without further inquiry, confirm the order, but if such an objection has been presented, and has not been withdrawn, the Board shall forthwith direct a local inquiry as to the propriety of confirming the order, and the corporation and all persons interested in the land and such other persons as the person holding the inquiry in his discretion thinks fit to allow shall be permitted to appear and be heard at the inquiry. Before confirming the order the Board shall consider the report of the person who held the inquiry and all objections made thereat.

6. On confirming an order the Board shall forthwith publish notice of the confirmation, and if within one month after such publication a petition against the order is received by the Board signed by not less than six persons interested in the land then (unless the petition is withdrawn within the prescribed period) the order shall be provisional only and shall not have effect unless confirmed by Parliament.

A certificate by the Board that no such petition has been so received, or that every petition so received has been withdrawn, as the case may be, and that the order has taken effect shall be conclusive evidence of the facts certified.

7. The arbitrator appointed for the purpose of settling compensation shall, in addition to his powers under the Acts incorporated in the order, have power —

(a) to state his award or any part thereof in the form of a special

case for the opinion of the High Court on a question of law under section eight of the Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1856, and, on the application of the corporation.

(b) to order works to be executed by the corporation for the accom-

modation of adjoining lands or buildings either instead of or in addition to the payment of compensation.

8. In determining the amount of compensation payable to any person interested in the land, the arbitrator shall have regard to the extent to which any adjoining or neighbouring land or hereditaments in which the same person is also interested may be benefited by the improvements to be made by the corporation on or in connection with the land taken or any adjoining or neighbouring land.

9. Tn construing for the purposes of this schedule or any order made thereunder, any enactment incorporated with the order, this Act, together with the order, when duly confirmed, shall be deemed to be the special Act or the confirming Act as the case requires, the due confirmation of the order to be the passing of the confirming Act, the Board to be the confirming authority, and the corporation to be the promoters of the undertaking, the company, local authority, or district council as the case requires.

10. In this schedule the expression "Board" means the Local Government Board, and the expression "Lands Clauses Acts" means the Lands Clauses Acts as amended by section eight of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896:

P

218 Ch. 66, 67. Dublin Reconstruction 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

(Emergency) Act, 1916.

Provided that in the application of the Second Schedule to the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, so much of Article 26 of that Schedule as (a) limits the right of appeal to cases where the compensation or price exceeds one thousand pounds and (6) requires that leave to appeal shall be obtained from the High Court, shall not have effect.

CHAPTER 67.

An Act to make further provision for raising Money for the present War, and for purposes incidental thereto.

[22nd December 1916.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies granted to Your Majesty, have resolved that money be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Issue of new war loan.

4 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 60.

6 & 6 Geo 6. c. 7.

6 tc6 Geo. 5. c. 65.

1. — (1) Any money required for the raising of any supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and seventeen, and, in addition, of a sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty million pounds, or for the raising of any sums required for cancelling securities or Treasury bills under the powers of this Act, may be raised in such manner as the Treasury think fit, and for that purpose they may create and issue any securities by means of which any public loan has been raised or may be raised, or such other securities bearing such rate of interest and subject to such conditions as to repayment, redemption, or otherwise, as they think fit.

(2) For the purpose of making the statutory provisions applicable to former war loans applicable to the war loan under this Act, subsections (2) and (3) of section one of the War Loan Act, 1914, and subsections (2) and (3) of section fourteen of the Fiflance Act, 1914 (Session 2), shall apply to any sums or loan raised or any securities issued under this Act as they apply to sums or loans raised or stock issued under the War Loan. Act, 1914; and subsections (3), (4), and (5) of section one of the War Loan Act, 1915, shall apply with respect to the issue of securities under this Act and to securities issued under this Act as they apply with respect to the issue of securities under that Act and to securities issued under that Act; and in those subsections as so applied any reference to war stock, war bonds, or securities issued under the War Loan Act, 1914, shall be

1916.

War Loan Act, 1916. Ch. 67, 68.

219

deemed to include a reference to securities issued under the

War Loan Act, 1915, and section fifty-eight of the Finance 6 & 7 Geo. c.

Act, 1916. c. 24.

(3) Subsection (.6) of section one of the War Loan Act,

1915, shall apply to securities issued under this Act and under section fifty-eight of the Finance Act, 1910, as it applies to securities issued under the War Loan Act, 1914, and the War Loan Act, 1915.

(4) It is hereby declared that the War "Loan Acts, 1914 and

1915, and section fifty-eight of the Finance Act, 1916, authorise the raising of sums under those enactments either within or without the United Kingdom and either in British or other currency.

(5) Any expenses incurred in connection with the redemption of any securities issued under the War Loan Act, 1914, the War Loan Act, 1915, or section fifty-eight of the Finance Act,

1916, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof.

(6) During the continuance of the present war and a period of twelve months thereafter, any limitation on the powers of any company or body of persons or of the persons responsible for the direction or management of any company or body of persons to leud money to the Government or to invest in, hold, or purchase Government securities, whether imposed by statute or by their constitution or by any memorandum or articles of association or regulations affecting the company or body of persons or otherwise, shall not have effect, and the persons responsible for the direction or management of the company or body are, during that period, hereby authorised to lend money to the .Government or invest in, hold, or purchase Government securities without regard to any such limitation, and shall be deemed to have been so authorised since the commencement of the war.

2. This Act may be cited as- the War Loan Act, 1916, and Short title, this Act may be cited together with the War Loan Acts, 1914 and 1915, and section fifty-eight of the Finance Act, 1916, as the War Loan Acts, 1914 to 1916.

CHAPTER 68.

An Act for establishing certain new Ministries and for the appointment of additional Secretaries or Under Secretaries in certain Government Departments; and for purposes incidental thereto.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

220

Ch. 68.

Establishment of Ministry of Labour.

Powers and duties of Minister of Labour.

Establishment of Ministry of Food.

Powers and duties of Food Controller.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 8.

Establishment of Ministry of Shipping.

Powers and duties of Shipping Controller.

New Ministries and Secretaries 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

Ministry of Labour.

1. It shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a Minister of Labour, who shall bold office during His Majesty's pleasure.

2. There shall be transferred to the Minister of Labour the powers and duties of the Board of Trade under the enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and the Minister of Labour shall have such other powers and duties of the Board of Trade or of any other Government department or authority, relating to labour or industry, whether conferred by statute or otherwise, as His Majesty may by Order in Council transfer to him, or authorise him to exercise or perform concurrently with or in consultation with the Government department or authority concerned.

Ministry of Food.

3. For the purpose of economising and maintaining the food supply of the country during the present war, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a Minister of Food under the title of Food Controller, who shall hold office during His Majesty's pleasure.

4. It shall be the duty of the Food Controller to regulate the supply and consumption of food in such manner as he thinks best for maintaining a proper supply of food, and to take such steps as he thinks best for encouraging the production of food, and for those purposes he shall have such powers or duties of any Government department or authority, whether conferred by statute or otherwise, as His Majesty may, by Order in Council, transfer to him, or authorise him to exercise or perform concurrently with, or in consultation with, the Government department or authority concerned, and also such further powers as may be conferred on him by regulations under the Defence of the Realm Consolidation Act, 1914, and regulations may be made under that Act accordingly.

Ministry of Shipping.

5. For the purpose of organising and maintaining the supply of shipping in the national interests in connexion with the present war, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a Minister of Shipping under the title of Shipping Controller, who shall hold office during His Majesty's pleasure.

6. It shall be the duty of the Shipping Controller to control and regulate any shipping available for the needs of the country in such manner as to make the best use thereof, having regard to the circumstances of the time, and to take such steps as be thinks best for providing and maintaining an efficient supply of shipping, and for those purposes he shall have such powers or

1916. New Ministries and Secretaries Ch. 68. 221

* Act, 1916.

duties of any Government department or authority, whether conferred by statute or otherwise, as His Majesty may by Order in Council transfer to him, or authorise him to exercise or perform concurrently with or in consultation with the Government department or authority concerned, and also such further powers as may be conferred on him by regulations under the Defence of the Realm Consolidation Act, 1914, and regulations may be made under that Act accordingly.

Air Board.

7. For the purpose of organising and maintaining the Establishment supply of aircraft in the national interest in connexion with the of A" Board* present war, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to establish an

Air Board, consisting of a president appointed by His Majesty, who shall hold office during His Majesty's pleasure, and of other members who shall be appointed in such manner and subject to such provisions as His Majesty may by Order in Council direct.

The President of the Board shall act with the advice of the other members of the Board.

For the purposes of this Act the President of the Air Board shall be deemed to be a Minister appointed under this Act and the Air Board a Ministry established under this Act.

8. The Air Board shall in relation to aircraft have such Powers and powers and duties of any Government department or authority, BoaSof Air whether conferred by statute or otherwise, as His Majesty may

by Order in Council transfer to the Board, or authorise the Board to exercise or perform concurrently with or in consultation with the Government department or authority concerned.

Parliamentary Secretaries.

9. — (1) During the continuance of the present war and a Suspension of period of six months thereafter, any provisions of section four of the Government of India Act, 1858, or the House of Commons Parliamentary (Vacation of Seats) Act, 1864, or of any other enactment imposing J^*rc?^2te a limit on the number of Under Secretaries to the Secretaries 2\ & 22 Vict.' of State, oT on the number of secretaries of any Government c. ioe. department, who may sit and vote in the House of Commons, ^73A 28 Vict* shall not have effect.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, an additional Parliamentary .Under Secretary may be appointed to the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and to the Secretary of State for War, respectively.

(3) Any Parliamentary Secretaries appointed under this section shall hold office only during the continuance of the present war and a period of six months thereafter, and there shall be paid to any secretary so appointed such remuneration as may be fixed by the Treasury.

222

Ch. 68.

Offices, remuneration, and expenses.

Seal, style, and acts of Minister.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 37.

46 46 Vict. c. 9.

New Ministries and Secretaries 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

(4) The office of a secretary appointed under this section shall not render the holder thereof incapable of being elected to, or sitting or voting as a member of, the Commons House of Parliament.

General.

10. — (1) Any Minister appointed under this Act may appoint such secretaries, officers and servants as the Minister may determine.

(2) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to any Minister appointed under this Act, and also to any Under Secretary to a Secretary of State while he performs the duties of Minister of Blockade, an annual salary not exceeding two thousand pounds, and to the secretaries, officers and servants of each of the Ministries established under this Act, such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may from time to time determine.

(3) The expenses of each of the Ministries established under this Act, to such amount as may be sanctioned by the Treasury, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

11. — (1) Each Minister appointed under this Act may adopt an official seal and describe himself generally by the style and title in the case of the Minister of Labour, of the Minister of Labour; in the case of the Minister of Food, of Food Controller; in the case of the Minister of Shipping, of Shipping Controller; and in the case of the President of the Air Board, of the President of the Air Board; and the seal of the Minister shall be officially and judicially noticed, and shall be authenticated by the signature of the Minister or of a secretary or some person authorised by the Minister to act in that behalf.

(2) Every document purporting to be an order or other instrument issued by a Minister appointed under this Act, and to be sealed with the seal of the Minister authenticated in manner provided by this section, or to be signed by the secretary or any person authorised as aforesaid, shall be received in evidence and be deemed to be such order or instrument yithout further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(3) A certificate signed by a Minister appointed under this Act, that any order or other instrument purporting to be made or issued by him is so made or issued, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so certified.

(4) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as amended by the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall apply to a Minister appointed under this Act in like manner as if that Minister were mentioned in the first column to the Schedule of the first-mentioned Act, or as if that Minister or a secretary of the Ministry, or any person authorised by the Minister to act on

1916.

New Ministries and Secretaries

Act, 1916. Ch. 68.

223

his behalf, were mentioned in the second column of that Schedule, and as if the regulations referred to in those Acts included any document issued by the Minister.

(5) Where in connexion with the undertaking of any duties or powers by a Minister appointed under this Act, it appears to the Minister and the department or authority concerned, that in any notice, order, contract, or other document, the name of the .Minister should be substituted for the name of any department or authority, or that the name of any officer of the Ministry should be substituted for the name of any officer of any such department or authority, the Minister may order that the substitution shall take effect, subject to any limitations contained in the order, and, where such an order is made, the notice, order, contract, or document, shall have effect in accordance with the order.

12. — (1) The office of a Minister appointed under this Act, Ability of or of secretary in a Ministry established under this Act, shall not render the holder thereof incapable of being elected to, or 8it in ParUa-sitting or voting as a member of, the Commons House of Parliament-ment, but not more than one secretary in each Ministry shall sit as a member of that (louse at the same time.

(2) The office of a Minister appointed under this Act shall

be deemed to be an office included in Schedule H. of the

Representation of the People Act, 1867, and Schedule H. of so & si Vict,

the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, and ^2-2 Schedule E. of the Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, c. 48. 10 *

1868. 31 & 32 Vict.

(3) A Minister appointed under this Act shall take oath of c' 49‘ allegiance and official oath, and shall be deemed to be included

in the First Part of the Schedule to the Promissory Oaths Act, 31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict.

1868. c. 72.

13. The offices of Food Controller and Shipping Controller Cessation of

and of the President of the Air Board and the Ministry of Food of

and the Ministry of Shipping and the Air Board shall cease to shipping, exist on the termination of a period of twelve months after the conclusion of the present war, or such earlier date as may be

fixed by His Majesty in Council, and then any appointments made under the powers conferred by this Act shall be determined, and any powers or duties which have been transferred to the Food Controller or to the Shipping Controller or to the Air Board under this Act shall, without prejudice to any action taken in pursuance of those powers or duties, revert to the department or authority from which they were transferred. 14 *

14. — (1) Any Order in Council made for the purposes of this Ordewin

Act may be added to, varied, or revoked by a subsequent Order Council

in Council.

(2) Where any powers and duties are transferred by virtue

of this Act, the transfer shall take effect as from a date to be

224

Ch. 68, 69. New Ministries and Secretaries 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

, 1916.

fixed by Order of His Majesty in Council, and different dates may be fixed for different powers and duties.

short title. 15. This Act may be cited as the New Ministries and

Secretaries Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE.

Conciliation Act, 1896;

Labour Exchanges Act, 1909;

Trade Boards Act, 1909;

National Insurance (Unemployment) Acts, 1911 to 1916; Part I. of the Munitions of War Act, 1915; in each case as amended by any other Act.

CHAPTER 69.

An Act to make further provision with respect to the borrowing powers of councils of counties and of municipal boroughs, and of other public authorities and bodies.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Further power 1. — (1) The council of any county or of any municipal

borough'ooun- borough or of any urban district may, during the continuance ciis, &c. to of the present war and a period of six months thereafter, borrow. borrow, with the consent of the appropriate Government Department, on the security of all or any of the funds, property, or revenues of the council for the purpose of discharging any outstanding loan of the council, or for the purpose of replacing any sinking fund money or other sums which have been used for purposes for which they had power to borrow, or for the purpose of raising any further sums which the appropriate Government Department authorise them to raise with a view to prospective capital expenditure.

The application and use of any sums borrowed under this provision shall be subject to such conditions as may be imposed by the appropriate Government Department whose consent is given to the borrowing.

(2) During the continuance of the present war, and a period of six months thereafter, the council of any county or municipal borough or of any urban district may, with the consent of the

1016.

Public Authorities and Bodies (Loans) Ac, 1916. Ch. 69.

225

Treasury and subject to such conditions as the Treasury may impose, borrow any sums which they have power to borrow for the time being by means of the issue of bearer bonds or other securities to bearer, whether within or without the United Kingdom, and, if thought fit, in any foreign currency.

Any such bonds or securities shall rank, as respects other securities issued by the council, in the same manner as if the sum borrowed by means of those bonds or other securities had been borrowed by means of the issue of stock.

(3) The council of any county or of any municipal borough or of any urban district may re-borrow under the powers given by this Act for the purpose of paying off any money borrowed under those powers; and the limitation on the exercise of those powers to the continuance of the present war and a period of six months thereafter shall not apply to any such re-borrowing.

(4) Any power given by this section shall not derogate from any other power of borrowing, and may be exercised notwithstanding anything in any Act.

2. — (1) This Act may be applied to any local authority Extent, inter-(other than the council of a county or of a municipal borough pretation, and or of any urban district), and to any other public body on die 8h0rt 11 e* application of that authority or body, by the appropriate Government Department; and if so applied, shall be construed, with any necessary modification, as if the authority or body to whom it is applied were substituted for the council of the county or of the municipal borough or urban district.

(2) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "appropriate Government Department" means, in the case of the London County Council the Treasury, in the case of other authorities or bodies in England and Wales the Local Government Board, in the case of authorities or bodies in Scotland the Secretary for Scotland, and in the case of authorities or bodies in Ireland the Local Government Board for Ireland;

The expression "sinking fund money" means money for the time being standing to the credit of any sinking fund, redemption fund, depreciation fund, or fund of a like nature; and

The expression "municipal borough " means, in the application of this Act to Scotland, a royal, parliamentary, or police burgh.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Public Authorities and Bodies (Loans) Act, 1916. Ch. 70.

Extension of 5 4c 6 Geo. 6. c. 11.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 96.

Farther pro. vision with respect to deposit, 4cc. of securities with the Treasury.

Government War Obligations 6 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1916.

CHAPTER 70.

An Act to make provision with respect to Obligations incurred by or on behalf of His Majesty's Government for the purposes of the present War or in connection therewith.

[22nd December 1916.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Section one of the Government War Obligations Act, 1914, which, as extended by section one of the Government War Obligations Act, 1915, relates to the provision of money for the fulfilment of Government war obligations incurred before the passing of the last-mentioned Act, shall be further extended so as to include the provision in the like manner of money for the fulfilment of any Government war obligations incurred before the passing of this Act.

(2) The Schedule to the Government War Obligations Act, 1914 (which, as extended by the Government War Obligations Act, 1915, sets out the Government war obligations), shall be further extended so as to include obligations incurred in connection with the present war in respect of compensation for damage to property resulting from any hostile action against His Majesty or action taken for repelling such action, and loans or guarantees of loans made for the benefit of places damaged or affected by any such action, either actual or apprehended.

(3) Any obligation incurred in respect of any advance or guarantee given to or for the benefit of the British Italian Corporation, Limited, is hereby declared to be an obligation undertaken in connection with the present war.

2. — (1) Where any securities are held on trust by more than one trustee, the securities may be deposited with the Treasury, or given to the Treasury in exchange for Government securities, or sold to the Treasury, for the purpose of, and in accordance with, the conditions of any treasury securities deposit scheme if, where there are two trustees, one trustee and the persons entitled to the income of the securities, and where there are more than two trustees, one half or more of the number of the trustees and the persons entitled to the income of the securities, are willing that the securities should be so deposited or given in exchange or sold; and any action taken by any such trustees or beneficiaries for the purpose of such deposit or exchange or sale shall, notwithstanding anything in the terms of the trust, or any rule of law to the contrary, be as valid and effectual in all respects as though all the trustees had consented thereto and joined therein.

(2) No notice of any trust, express, implied, or constructive, in respect of any securities deposited with the Treasury, given

1916. Government War Obligations Act, 1916. Ch. 70, 71. 227

in exchange for Government securities, or sold to the Treasury shall affect the Treasury or any person holding the securities on behalf of the Treasury, but any rules of the Supreme Court for the time being in force relating to notice in lieu of distringas, shall apply to the Treasury in respect of such security as they apply to a company in respect of stock.

(3) It is hereby declared that the expression "securities " in section two of the ^Government War Obligations Act, 1915, and in any other enactment relating to any Treasury securities deposit scheme, includes stocks, shares, and other securities.

3. This Act may be cited as the Government War Obligations Act, 1916; and the Government War Obligations Acts, 1914 and 1915, and this Act may be cited together as the Government War Obligations Acts, 1914 to 1916.

CHAPTER 71.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[22nd December 1916.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WI E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons* of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grants out op Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen the sum of four hundred million one hundred and seventy-nine thousand four hundred and eighty pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the

[Short title.]

Issue of 400, 179, 480 out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

r

228 Ch. 71. Appropriation Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole four hundred million one hundred and seventy-nine thousand four hundred and eighty pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and section six

40 k 4i Vict, of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of *• bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed. otherwise than* on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

64 & 66 Vict,

c. 24.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for the navy services and for the army services

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of one thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven million nine hundred and six thousand four hundred and two pounds, are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. — (1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on naval and military services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up any

1916.

Appropriation Act, 1916. Ch. 71.

229

deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in respectively aid of any other vote in the same department, or in defraying ex expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the naval and military services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Sanction for Appropriation Act, 1914, surpluses arising on certain votes for expen-the naval and military services respectively have been temporarily diture for applied #s shown in the accounts set out in Schedule (C.) to this 19147}9}6, un‘

v provided for.

Acl:4 5 Geo. 6.

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses as c-24-shown in the said accounts is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which Declaration may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army,

navy, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed cases before such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a receipt of warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by pi£tedLPn> such warrant:

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropria* Short title, tion Act, 1916.

230

Ch. 71

Appropriation Act, 1916,

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Section S.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants oat of the Consolidated Fund -1, 957, 906, 402 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants. 11 12 13 14 15 16 17

1914-1915-1916.

Part 1. Navy Excesses, 1914-1915

, 2. Army Excesses, 1914-1915

, 3. Army (Ordnance Facto-

ries)Excesses, 1914-1915, 4. Navy (Supplementary),

1915-1916, 5. Army (Supplementary)

1915-1916, 6. Civil Services (Supple-

mentary), 1915-1916, 7. Ministry of Munitions

and Ordnance Factories, 1915-1916 M 8. Naval and Military Opera-

tions, &c. (Supplementary Vote of Credit), 1915-1916

1916-1917.

, 9. Navy

, 10. Army -

11. Civil Services, Class I.

12. Ditto, Class II.

13. Ditto, Class III.

14. Ditto, Class IV.

15. Ditto, Class V.

16. Ditto, Class VI.

17. Ditto, Class VII.

Total Civil Services - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ *. £ s. d.

100 0 0 —

10 0 0 —

10 0 0 —

10 0 0 4, 500,000 0 0

10 0 0 18,000,000 0 0

196, 019 0 0 — c3, 700 0 0

2,000 0 0 22,000,000 0 0

120,000,000 0 0 —

120, 198, 159 0 0 i 44, 496, 300 0 0 i

17.000 0 0 1, 700 0 0

15,000 0 0 1, 500 0 0

32,000 0 0 3, 200 0 0

3, 043.582 0 0 145, 629 0 0

4, 848.529 0 0 825, 321 0 0

4, 740, 961 0 0 733, 551 0 0

20, 647.388 0 0 14.880 0 0

1, 387.362 0 0 121.920 0 0

1, 117, 361 0 0 4, 500 0 0

20.361, 952 0 0 242, 700 0 0

56, 147, 135 0 0 2, 088, 501 0 0

* Deficit.

1916.

Appropriation, 1916. Ch. 71.

231

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

1916-1917.

8. d.

Part 18. Ministry of Munitions and Ordnance Factories 19. Keren ue Departments, &c. £

, 20. Naval and Military 1

Operations, &c. (Vote >£ 300,000,000 0 0 of Credit) -

n21. Naval and Military 1 Operations, &c. (Sup- f plementary Votes of f Credit) -

1, 100 0 0

31, 528, 008 0 0

1, 450,000,000 0 0

Appropriations n Aid.

£ . d.

1, 100 0 0

672, 012 0 0

Grand Total - £ 1, 957, 906, 402 0 Q 47, 261, 113 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of £ 8. d.

March, 1915

Under Act 6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 48 - - 120 0 0

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of

March 1916: —

Under Act 6 Geo. 5. c. 1 - 120,000.000 0 0

Under Act 6 Geo. 5. c. 3 - 198, 039 0 0

For the service of the year ending on the 31st day of

March 1917

Under Act 6 Geo. 5. c. 1 - 300,000,000 0 0

Under Act 6 Geo. 5. c. 3 - 36, 636.000 0 0

Under Act 6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 16 - 300,000,000 0 0

Under Act 6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 30 - - 470, 262, 480 (I 0

Under Act 6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 48 - - 330, 630, 283 0 0

Under this Act ---- - 400, 179, 480 0 0

Total -’l , 957, 906, 402 0 0

SCHEDULE 1 (B.) — Part 1.

Navy Excesses, 1914-1915.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriation in Aid.

Sam granted to make good excesses of Navy expenditure beyond the Grants, for tha year ended on the 31st day of March 1915 - £ «. d. 100 0 0

Sc HKD. (A.)

SCHED. (B.) Part 1.

Navy Excesses, 1914-1915.

232 '

SCHED. (B.) Part 2.

Army

Excesses,

1914-1915.

Sched. (B.) Part 3. Army (Ordnance Factories) Excesses, 1914-1915.

SCHED. (B.) Part 4.

Navy

(Supple-

mentary),

1915-1916.

SCHED. (B.) Part 5. Army (Supplementary), 1915-1916.

Ch. 71. Appropriation Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Army Excesses, 1914-1915.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tion in Aid.

Sum granted to make good excesses of Army expenditure beyond the Grants, for the year ended £ 8. d.

on the 31st day of March 1915 .... 10 0 0 —

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tion in Aid.

Sum granted to make good excesses of Army (Ord- £ 8. d.

nance Factories) expenditure beyond the Grants, for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1915 10 0 0 —

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Navy (Supplementary), 1915-1916.

Sum granted and sum which may be applied as appropriation in aid in addition thereto to meet additional expenditure on Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1916, viz.: —

Sum not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grant. tion in Aid.

>te 1. Wages, Ac., of Officers, Seamen and Boys, £ 8. d. £

Coast Guard, and Royal Marines 10 0 0 4, 500,000

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 5.

Army (Supplementary), 1915-1916.

Sum granted and sum which may be applied as appropriation in aid in addition thereto to meet additional expenditure on Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1916, viz.: —

Sum not exceeding

Supply Grant. Appropria-1 tion in Aid.

Vote 1. Pay, Ac., of the Army - - £ 8. d. 10 0 0 £ 18,000,000

1916.

Appropriation Actt 1916,

Ch. 71.

233

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6. bchrd. (B.)

__________ Part 6.

Civil Services (Supple-

Ovil Services (Supplementary), 1915-1916. mentary),

v 1915-1916.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1916, viz.: —

! Sums not exceeding

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class I.

For expenditure in respect of Diplomatic and Consular Buildings, and for the maintenance of certain Cemeteries abroad

I Supply Appropria-

j Grants. tions in Aitl.

£ £ 1

37, 330 1

Class II.

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of;

Agriculture and Fisheries, and of the Royal i Botanic Gardens, Kew, including certain Grants J

in Aid - - - 50, 100 j —

For His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Ser- !

vices - - 50.000 j —

Class IV.

For the Salaries and Expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British;

Art, Millbank ..... 4, 800

Class V.

For sundry Colonial Services, including certain Grants in Aid ....

For making good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury Chests Abroad in the year 1914-1915 -

Class VI.

For certain Miscellaneous Expenses, including certain Charitable and other Allowances, Great Britain -

For the Salary of the Vice-Chairman of the Statutory Committee of the Royal Patriotic Fund Corporation -

Total

* Deficit.

Q

i 49, 828 I ! I —

I 1 i 1 1, 847 ! 1 —

1, 700 | - *3, 700

: i —

I 196, 019 -3, 700

234

Cu. 71.

Appropriation Act, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.) Part 7.

Ministry of Munitions, 1915-1916.

SCHED. (B.) Part 8. Naval and Military Operations. Jte. (Supplementary Votes of Credit).

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grunts.

MINISTRY OF MUNITIONS.

For the Expenses of the Ministry of Munitions

1,000

Appropriations in Aid.

2, 0)0,000

For the Expenses of the Ordnance Factories, the cost of the Production of which will be charged to the Army, Navy, Ministry of Munitions, and Indian and Colonial Governments, &c.

1,000

20,000,000

Total -

2,000

22,000,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

Naval and Military Operations, Ac., 1915-1916 (Supplementary

Vote of Credit).

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending the 31st March 1916 for General Navy and Army Services in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for the conduct of naval and military operations; for all measures which may be taken for the security of the country; for assisting the food supply and promoting the continuance of trade, industry, business, and communications, whether by means of insurance or indemnity against risk; the financing of the purchase and resale of foodstuffs and materials, or otherwise; for relief of distress; and generally for all expenses beyond those provided for in the ordinary grants of Parliament, arising out of the £

existence of a state of war - 120,000,000

1916.

Ch. 71.

235

Appropriation, 1916.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; viz.:—

No.

1. For wages, Ac., to 350,000 officers, seamen, and boys, coastguard, and royal marines l. For victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at borne and abroad -

3. For medical services, including the cost of

medical establishments at home and abroad -

4. For civilians employed on fleet services

5. For educational services

6. For scientific services *

7. For the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet

reserve, and the royal naval volunteers, &c. '8. Sect. 1. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac., at dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -

<, Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac., at dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad, Sect. 3. For contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c.

9. For naval armaments -

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home

and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith

11. For various miscellaneous effective services -

12. For the Admiralty Office -

13. For half-pay, and retired pay to officers of the

navy and marines -

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities,

and compassionate allowances

15. For civil superannuation, compensation allow-

ances, and gratuities -

Total Navy Services -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

1,000 100

’ 1,000 100

17,000 1, 700

R

SCHED. (B.) Part 9.

Navy.

23a

cm. 7i.

Appropriation, 1916. SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

6 & 7 Geo. 5 *

SCHED. (B.)

Past 10.

Army.

ARMY.

Schkdulb of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied an appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Abut Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid,

No.

1. For the pay, Ac., of His Majesty's Army (including Army Reserve) at home and abroad (exclusive of India) - 1,000 100

2. For the pay, Ac., of the medical establishments and for medicines, &c. •* 1,000 100

3. For the pay, bounty, Ac., of the Special Reserve and of the Officers’ Training Corps - 1,000 100

4. For grants, pay, allowances, training, and miscellaneous charges of the Territorial Force and Channel Islands and Colonial Militia, including the expense of permanent staff 1,000 100

5. For establishments for military education 1,000 100

6. For quartering, transport, and remounts 1,000 100

7. For supplies and clothing ... 1,000 1 1 100

8. For the Ordnance Department establishments and for general stores - 1,000 100

9. For engineer stores, and aviation, including technical committees .... 1,000 100

10. For works, buildings, and repairs, lands, and miscellaneous engineer services, including staff in connection therewith - 1,000 100

11. For miscellaneous effective services 1,000 100

12. For the War Office - 1,000 100

13. For rewards; half-pay; retired pay; widows’ pensions; and other non-effective charges for officers - - 1,000 100

14. For Chelsea and Eilmainham hospitals; for out pensions; for rewards for distinguished services; for widows’ pensions; and for other non-effective charges for warrant officers, non-commissioned officers, and men, &c. 1,000 100

15. For civil superannuation, compensation, and additional allowances, gratuities, injury grants. &c. - 1,000 100

Total Army Svrvicm £ 15,000 1, 500

1916.

Appropriation 1916. Ch. 71.

237

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

i i i Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.; 1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces, including a grant in aid ... £ 55, 700 £ 3, 050

2. For expenditure in respect of Osborne - - | 10, 100 2, 135

3. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens -, 99,000 15, 750

1 4. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of Parliament buildings - 1 49, 600 400

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, Great Britain - - i 48,000 780

6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings, Great Britain ... 70, 200 850

7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad - 1 29, 900 3,000

8. For the Customs and Excise. Inland Revenue, Post Office and Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad 1 | 580, 600 5,000

9. For Insurance and Labour Exchange buildings, Great Britain (including a supplementary sum of 95,000l.) - i I I 242, 900 2, 200

10. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes - 624, 400 49,000

11. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for minor services connected therewith 56, 030 22,000

12. For maintaining certain harbours under the Board of Trade and for grants in aid of harbours - 6, 431 2, 800

13. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead - 22,000 —

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11. Civil Services. Class I.

Ch. 71.

Appropriation, 1916.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

238

SCHED. (B.)2 PART 11.

Civil Service*. Glass I.

Sched.'^B.) Part* 12.

Civil Services* Class II.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

14. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, Ac., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government property department, and for a contribution towards the expenses of the London Fire Brigade

16. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, and for the maintenance of drainage works on the River Shannon, and sundry grants in aid -16. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, &c., the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, the Marine Works (Ireland) Act, 1902, and for other purposes connected with Irish railways

908, 500 31, 044

191, 354 7, 620

48, 867 —

Total Civil Services, Class I.

- £

3, 043, 582

145, 629

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the suras which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

8upply Appropria-

No. Grants. tions in Aid.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of £ £

the House of Lords -2. For the salaries and expenses of the House of 42, 288 1, 500

Commons ..... 3» For the salaries and other expenses of the department of His Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments, including expenses in respect of advances under the Light Railways Act, 1896 (including a supplemen- 285, 162 3,000

tary sum of 600J.) -4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the 122, 057 3, 520

Home Department and subordinate offices -5. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for 266, 801 6, 525

Foreign Affairs .... 6. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain 66, 271 5,000

expenses connected with Emigration 58, 850 —

1916.

Appropriation Act, 1916. Ch. 71.

239

No.

7. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments -

9. For the salaries and expenses of certain services transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund and other services connected with the Mercantile Marine (including Merchant Seamen’s Fund Pensions) -

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c., for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Act, 1914 -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including certain grants in aid -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales -

13. For the salaries and expenses of the depart-

ment of the Government Chemist -

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission -

15. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board -

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Control (Lunacy and Mental Deficiency), England -

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of coinage, and for the expenses of the preparation of medals, dies for postage and other stamps, and His Majesty's seals -

20. For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office -

21. For the salaries, and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments

22. For the salaries and expenses of the establish-

ment under the Public Works Loon Commissioners -

23. For the salaries and expenses of the depart-

ment of the Registrar General of Births, Ac., in England -

24. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and

printed books for the public service, for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of Parliamentary Debates -

25. For the salaries and expenses in the office of

His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

10, 631 1, 900

360, 011 26, 31

147, 634 74, 025

9 104, 435

335, 160 152, 679 v

28, 777 —

26, 383 —

45, 866 —

67, 720 3, 002

22, 337 1, 300

356, 797 2, 700

83, 092 1, 280

61 171, 100

13, 439 2, 800

22, 995 —

8,000 4, 074

47, 715 11, 520

1, 026, 959 177,000

22, 150 —

8ohkd. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil Servioei. Class II.

£40

00BSD. (B.)

Fast IS. Civil Services. Oka II.

Ch. 71.

Appropriation Act, 1916.

6 A 7 Gm &

No.

26. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

the Commissioners of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -

27. For His Majesty's foreign and other secret

services (including a supplementary sum of 300,000l.) -

28. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

His Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices, expenses under the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900, and expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899 -

29. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of

Agriculture for Scotland, including certain grants in aid -

30. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery

Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays -

31. For the salaries and expenses of the General

Board of Control for Scotland

32. For the salaries and expenses of the department

of the Registrar General of Births, Ac., in Scotland -

33. For the salaries and expenses of the Local

Government Board for Scotland, and also for expenses in respect of advances under the Housing Act, 1914 -

34. For the salaries and expenses of the household

of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland -

36. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums, and expenses under the Inebriates Acts

36. For the salaries and expenses of the depart-

ment of agriculture and other industries, and technical instruction for Ireland, and of the services administered by that department, including sundry grants in aid

37. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland ...

38. For the Congested Districts Board for Ireland,

including sundry grants in aid

39. For the salaries and expenses of the Local

Government Board in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid

40. For the salaries and expenses of the Public

Record Office in Ireland; and of the Keeper of State Papers in Dublin

41. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

Public Works in Ireland ...

42. For the salaries and expenses of the depart-

ment of the Registrar General of Births, Ac., and for the expenses of collecting emigration statistics in Ireland ...

43. For the salaries and expenses of the general

valuation and boundary survey of Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class II. £

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

165, 700 —

500,000 —

18, 493 260

68, 959 16, 260

19, 969 924

28, 568 528

7, 096 1, 100

28, 924 800

3, 784 —

1 24, 447 319

148, 170 23, 339

2.243 41

j .169, 750 4, 635

115, 528 8, 300

6, 830 —

42, 871 500

13, 360 975

26, 672 13, 670

4, 848, 529 825, 321

1916 *

Appropriation 1916,

CB. 71.

241

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schidulb of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as p'r appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers department, the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of His Majesty's Treasury and King’s Proctor, and the department of Director of Public Prosecutions, for the costs of prosecutions, of other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency - 2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, including grants in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Societies of England and £ - £

85, 038 14, 650

Ireland - 3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund - 4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of 36, 404 j

1 327, 416 47, 815

Land Registry .... 5. For the salaries and expenses of the office of 38, 147 —

Public Trustee .... 6. For the salaries and expenses connected with 10 81, 351

the County Courts -7. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the contribution towards the expenses of the Metropolitan Police, the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary, and expenses in connection with 110, 174 | 318,000

Special Constables and the Police Reserve -8. For the expenses of the prisons in England, Wales, and the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Dis- 108, 282 92

charged Prisoners .... 9. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Inspector of Reformatories and for the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools and in places of detention under the Children 680, 090 22,000

Act, in Great Britain -10. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in the Criminal Lunatic Asylums at Broadmoor 335, 384 25,000

and Rampton ----11. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts 52, 524 1, 177

of Law and Justice in Scotland 83, 746 49,000

Son ED. (B.) Past 13.

Civil Services. Class III.

242 Ch. 71. Appropriation Act, 1916. 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part IB. Ciril Service*. Sums not exceeding

Glass III. Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 12. For the salaries and expenses of the office of £ £

the Scottish Land Court ... 13. For the salaries and expenses of the offices in His 7, 853 —

Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh 14. For the salaries and expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics, defectives, and inmates of the State inebriate reformatory, 41, 789

and the preparation of judicial statistics 15. For criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Iceland, including a grant in relief of certain expenses payable by statute out of 100, 635 6, 500

local rates -16. For. such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not 62, 911 500

charged on the Consolidated Fund 17. For the salaries and expenses of the office of 112, 570 2,000

the Irish Land Commission -18. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers, and of magis- 753, 918 50,000

trates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision 19. For the salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, the police courts and the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin 101, 284 4, 800

(including a supplementary sum of 100/.) 20. For the expenses of th«* Royal Irish Constabulary (including a supplementary sum of 94, 293 62, 016

400/.) 21. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the establishments under their control; the registration of habitual criminals and the maintenance of criminal 1, 379, 775 44,000

lunatics confined in district lunatic asylums -22. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial 110, 190 2, 250

schools m Ireland -23. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in the 109, 788 2, 400

Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland 8, 740 —

Total Civil Services, Class III. £ 4, 740.961 j 733, 551

1916,

Appropriation Act, 1916. Ch. 71.

243

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14. schbd. (b.)

Part 14.

Civil Services.

Class IV.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants £ £

in aid ---- 2. For the salaries and other expenses of the British Museum, and of the Natural History 15, 186, 732 3, 860

Museum, including certain grants in aid 3. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank 4. For the salaries and expenses of the National 128, 599 8, 295

11, 489 400

Portrait Gallery 6. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace 3, 485

Collection - 6. For the salaries and expenses in respect of the 4, 591 5

London Museum, Lancaster House 2, 570 —

7. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c., and other grants (including a sup-

plementary sum of 20,000l.) -8. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and of the expenses under the Welsh Inter- 141, 671

mediate Education Act, 1889 -9. For public education in Scotland, and for 321, 200 —

Science and Art in Scotland - -10. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, the Scottish National Portrait 2, 544, 742

Gallery, and the Museum of Antiquities 11. For the expeiues of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, including grants in aid of the Teachers’ Pension Fund, Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 4, 522

178, 880/.) -12. For the grant towards salaries of teachers in 1, 991, 584 700

secondary schools in Ireland -13. For the expenses of the office of the Commissioners for managing certain school endow- 40,000

ments in Ireland .... 14. For the salaries and expenses of the National 905 —

Gallery of Ireland 1, 845 —

Ch. 71.

Appropriation Act, 1916.

C & 7 Geo. 5.

244

SCHED. (B.)

Past 14. Civil Services. Class IV.

SCHED. (B.) . Part 15.

Civil Services. Class V.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants.

No.

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Institutions of Science and Art in Dublin, and of the Geological Survey of Ireland, and Annual Grants to Schools and Classes of Science and Art and Technical Instruction, including sundry Grants in Aid, administered by the Department of Agriculture and Technical £ £

Instruction for Ireland .... 149, 453 114,000 1, 620

16. For grants under the Irish Universities Act, 1908 —

Total Civil Services, Class IV. - 20, 647, 388 14, 880

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Suns granted, and of the suras which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants.

No.

1. For the expenses in connection with His £ £

Majesty's embassies, missions, and consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote 682, 290 121, 920

2. For sundry colonial services, including certain grants in aid - 626, 197 —

3. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Com- i

panies ---- 28, 875 —

4. For a grant in aid of the Revenue of the Island of Cyprus - 50,000 —

Total Civil Services, Class V. - £ 1, 387, 362 121, 920

me.

Appropriation Act, 1916,

Cm. 71.

245

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 16. Bern. (B.)

' Part 16.

---- Civil Services.

Class VI.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; vie.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For superannuation, compensation, compassionate, and additional allowances, and gratuities under sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury; and for the salaries of medical referees - - 835, 694

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses, including certain charitable and other allowances, Great Britain ---- 20, 609 4, 500

3. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous charitable and other allowances in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid 16, 778

4. For the salaries and other expenses of temporary commissions, committees, and special inquiries - 17,000

5. For making good certain sums written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund 3, 219

6. For the Ireland Development Grant (Grant in Aid) 185,000

7. For the salary of the Vice-Chairman of the Statutory Committee of the Royal Patriotic Fund Corporation - 1, 750

8. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances 27, 311

9. For grants to voluntary hospitals in respect of duty on spirits - 10,000 —

Total Civil Services, Class VI. - £ 1, 117, 36? 4, 500

246

Ch. 71.

Appropriation Actt 1916.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 17.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.) PART 17.

Civil Services. Class VII.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which maj be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For Old Age Pensions in the United Kingdom, and for certain administrative expenses in Grants. tions in Aid.

connection therewith -2. For the salaries and expenses of the National Health Insurance Joint Committee, including 12, 654,000

sundry grants in aid .... 3. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission' (England), and for contributions 208, 7u9

and grants in respect of the cost of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1915 (in-

cluding certain grants in aid) -4. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (Wales), and for contributions and grants in respect of the cost of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Insurance Acts. 1911 to 1915 (in- 4, 667, 239

cluding certain grants in aid) - 5. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (Scotland), and for contributions and grants in respect of the cost of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1915 (including certain grants in aid) - 6. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (Ireland), and for contributions and grants in respect of the cost of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1915 (in- 314, 923

616, 902

cluding certain grants in aid) ... 7. For the salaries of the staff and other expenses of Labour Exchanges, including the contribution to the Unemployment Insurance Fund and repayments to associations pursuant to sectttps 85 and 106 of the National Insurance* ct, 1911 8. For the salaries and expenses of the audit staff 393, 475

918, 262 242, 700

• under the National Insurance Act, 1911 9. For grants towards the cost of the extension of sanatorium benefit to the dependants of insured persons under the National Insurance Act, 1911, and of the treatment of tuberculosis generally 104,000

' 425,000

10. For the expenses of the Highlands and Islands (Medical Service) Board, and for a grant in aid

of the Highlands and Islands Medical Service 11. For making good the deficiency on the Income 44, 135 —

Account of the Fund for Friendly Societies - 15, 307 —

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £ 20, 361, 952 242, 700

1916.

Appropriation Act, 1916.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 18.

Ch. 71.

247

SCHED. (B.) Part 18.

Ministry op Munitions and Ordnance Factories.

Ministry of Munitions, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the services herein particularly mentioned which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For the expenses of the Ministry of Munitions - £ 1,000 £ 100

2. For the expenses of the Ordnance Factories, the cost of* the production of which will be charged to the Army, Navy, Ministry of Munitions, and Indian and Colonial Governments, &c. - 100 1,000

Total Ministry of Munitions and Ordnance Factories Services - # 1, 100 1, 100

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 19. sched.cb.)

v _ Part 19.

Revenue

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c. Department.,

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1917; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs £ £

and Excise Department ... 2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department (including a supple- 2, 474, 513 104, 360

mentary sum of 160,000l.) -H. For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office, 2, 516, 350 10,000

including Telegraphs and Telephones 26, 537, 145 567, 652

Total Revenue Departments £ 31, 528, 008 672, 012

24ft

Ch. 71.

Appropriation 1916.

6 A 7 Qbo. 5.

SCHED. (b.) Past so. Naval and Military Operations, he, (Vote of Credit).

SCHEDULE (B.) — — Part 20.

Naval and Military Operations, &c. (Vote of Credit).

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending the 31st day of March 1917, for general Navy and Army Services in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for the conduct of Naval and Military Operations; for all measures which may be taken for the security of the country; for assisting the food supply, and promoting the continuance of trade, industry, business, and communications, whether by means of insurance or indemnity against risk; the financing of the purchase and resale of foodstuffs and materials, or otherwise; for relief of distress; and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a

state of war -

- £300,000.000

Scots. (B.) Part 21. Naval and

Military Operations, kc. (Supplementary Votes of Credit).

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 21.

Naval and Military Operations, &c. (Supplementary Votes of Credit).

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending the 31st day of March 1917, for general Navy and Army Services in so far as specific provision, is not made therefor by Parliament; for the conduct of Naval and Military Operations; for all measures which may be taken for the security of the country; for assisting the food supply, and promoting the continuance of trade, industry, business, and communications, whether by means of insurance or indemnity against risk; the financing of the purchase and resale of foodstuffs and materials, or otherwise; for relief of distress; and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war -£1, 450,000,000

nber

rote.

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

Appropriation Act, 1910,

0*71

249

SCHEDULE (C.)

NAVY SERVICES, 1914-15. VOTES.

Surpluses.

SCHED. (C.)

7---- Nsry

! Deficits made good I from Surplu

Wages, Ac., of officers, seamen, and boys, Coastguard, and Royal Marines -

Victualling and clothing for the Nary ....

Medical establishments and services *

Civilians employed on Fleet Services

Educational services

Scientific services ...

Royal Naval Reserves

Shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance,

Ac.:

I. Personnel -II. Materiel -

III. Contract work

Naval armaments ...

Works, buildings, and repairs, at home and abroad -

Miscellaneous effective services

Admiralty Office -

Half-pay and retired pay -

Naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allow* ances

Civil superannuation, compensation allowances, and gratuities

Amount written off as irrecoverable ....

Total ....

Add excess Vote, surplus Receipts not appropriated by Parliament -

Net deficit (charged against the Vote of Credit)

9. d.

13, 234 7 10 43, 116 3 5

125, 655 1 6

9, 485 16 6

£ $. d.

4, 837, 329 14 2

4, 319, 627 0 10

144, 489 5 11 61, 676 12 8

22, 390 5 1

42, 361, 999 1 7

9 9, 667 0 8

68, 259 6 4

27, 915 9 7

191, 491 9 3 100 0 0

51, 943, 353 16 10 100 0 0

191, 591 9 3 51, 943, 453 16 10

£51, 751, 862 7 7

250

Ch. 71

Appropriation Act, 1916,

SCHEDULE (C.)

6*7 Geo. 5,

SCHED. (0.)

Army

Services.

Number of Vote. ARMY SERVICES, 1914-15. VOTES. Surpluses. Deficits made good from Surpluses.

£ s. £ 9. d.

1 Pay, Ac., of the Army — 31, 614, 717 18 4

2 Medical establishment: Pay, &c. — 1, 572, 451 16 7

S Special Reserve - 301, 992 10 6 —

4 Territorial Forces - 481, 433 10 7 —

5 Establishments for military edu-

cation - — 49, 966 7 2

6 Quartering, transport, and re-

mounts - — 50, 981, 243 11 3

7 Supplies and clothing — 81, 715, 619 6 10

8 Ordnance department establish-

ments and general stores — 16, 585, 258 11 8

9 Armaments, engineer stores, and

aviation - — 18, 700, 241 15 1

10 Works and buildings — 10, 908, 095 9 11

11 Miscellaneous effective services - — 349, 229 13 8

12 War Office.... — 126, 853 17 2

18 Half-pay, retired pay, and other

non-effective charges for officers,

Ac. .... — 81, 428 7 11

14 Pensions and other non-effective

charges for men, &c. 45, 655 2 10 —

15 Civil superannuation, compensa-

tion, and gratuities 1, 693 1 2 —

— Balances irrecoverable and claims -

abandoned ... — 13, 209 5 5

Total 830, 774 5 1 212, 698, 316 1 0

Add excess Vote 10 0 0 —

, surplus Receipts not appropriated by Parliament - — 10 0 0

830, 784 5 1 212, 698, 326 1 0

Net deficit (charged against > v

the Vote of Credit) £211, 867, 541 15 11

---

A.D. 1916. Local Acts. 251

TABLE II.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session (arranged according to Chapter).

6 & 7 GEORGE 5. — A.D. 1916.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Tides to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 19th April 1916.

P. i. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislated Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Corporation Water. (Aberdeen Corporation Water Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 17th May 1916.

P. ii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation. (Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. iii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Fleetwood Gas and Long Eaton Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

iv. An Act to extend the time for the construction of certain waterworks authorised by the Burnley Corporation Act 1908 to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Burnley in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Burnley Corporation.)

v. An Act for conferring power upon the Senior Official Receiver in Companies Liquidation acting as liquidator of the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company to sell by agreement the undertaking of that Company to extend the time for the completion of the authorised pier and works of that Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier.)

Royal Assent, 25th May 1916.

vi. An Act for granting additional powers to the Colonial Bank. (Colonial Bank.)

vii. An Act to postpone the repayment of certain mortgages granted by the Swansea Harbour Trustees and for other purposes. (Swansea Harbour.)

viii. An Act to extend the time limited for the repayment of money borrowed under the authority of the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company’s Act 1895 and to make other provisions in relation thereto to enable the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to borrow further moneys and for other purposes. (City of Dublin Steam Packet Company's.)

ix. An Act to extend the time limited by the Cardiff Railway Acts for the purchase of certain lands and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

Royal Assent, 1st June 1916.

x. An Act to remove doubts as to the power of the Imperial Continental Gas Association to sell or dispose of portions of their undertaking to confer various powers upon the Association and for other purposes. (Imperial Continental Gas Association.)

Royal Assent, 19th July 1916.

xi. An Act to authorise the South Metropolitan Gas Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Gas.)

xii. An Act for granting additional powers to the Van Diemen’s Land Company. (Van Diemen's Land Company's.)

xiii. An Act to amend the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Act 1906 and for other purposes. (Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway.)

xiv. An Act for staying the winding-up of the Canada Company for enabling the Company to allot and issue further paid-up capital to the existing shareholders for granting additional powers to the Company for providing for a capital recoupment fund for amending the Company’s Charter and for consolidating and amending the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes. (Canada Company's.)

xv. An Act to extend the times limited by the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Act 1911 and the Metropolitan Electric Tramways (Railless Traction) Act 1913 for the exercise of certain powers by the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited and the Middlesex County Council and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Tramways.)

xvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas Light and Coke Company to make further provision with reference to the utilisation and conversion of products arising from the manufacture of gas and the distillation of tar and for other purposes. (Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas.)

xvii. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Eton Gas Company to the Uxbridge Gas Company to extend the limits of supply of the latter Company and for other purposes. (Uxbridge Gas.)

xviii. An Act to empower the Folkestone Gas and Coke Company to acquire the undertaking of the Hythe and Sandgate Gas Company to extend the limits of supply of the Company to provide for the conversion of the existing capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Folkestone Gas.)

xix. An Act to authorise the sale of the Church of Saint John in Victoria Square in the city and county of Kingston upon Hull with the site thereof and the application of the proceeds of sale to the provision of a new church and for other purposes. (Saint John's Church Kingston upon Hull.)

xx. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Wakefield to construct further waterworks to extend the time for constructing certain authorised waterworks to make further provision with regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Wakefield Corporation.)

xxi. An Act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and sixteen to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and seventeen and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

xxii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the North British Railway Company for authorising the construction of a road diversion for empowering the Company and the Haddington County Council to acquire lands and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

xxiii. An Act to define the boundary between the limits of the Hornsey Gas Company and the Gas Light and Coke Company for the supply of gas and for other purposes. (Hornsey Gas.)

P. xxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Church Stretton. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation.)

P. xxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the City of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Bangor. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

P. xxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford Burton-upon-Trent Buxton St. Helens and Warrington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Margate Newbury Totnes the Middlesex Districts Joint Small-pox Hospital District and the District of the Wath and Bolton Gas Board. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dover Hedon Scarborough and Sheffield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. xxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Lancaster. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. xxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

P. xxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Halifax Corporation Act 1911. (Halifax Corporation Act Provisional Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 3rd August 1916.

P. xxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the City of Dublin and the County of Louth (two). (Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Stafford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. xxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carlisle Maidstone Nelson St. Helens and the Wandle Valley Joint Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. xxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Westhoughton and the District of the Swinton and Mexborough Gas Board. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. xxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Ryde and Wicklow. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation.)

P. xxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries under the Land Drainage Act 1914 relating to Feltwell New Fen District and Feltwell Fen Second District in the County of Norfolk.

(Land Drainage (Feltwell) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. xxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to a proposed Drainage District in the County of Salop. (Land Drainage (Lilleshall) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

xl. An Act to authorise the Aberdare and Aberaman Consumers Gas Company to raise additional capital to construct new works and for other purposes. (Aberdare and Aberaman Gas.)

xli. An Act to extend the limits for the supply of water by the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Tynemouth to authorise them to construct additional waterworks and to confer further powers upon them with respect to their water undertaking to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Tynemouth Corporation.)

xlii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Colchester Gas Company and to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes. (Colchester Gas.)

xliii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Femdale Gas Company Limited and for other purposes. (Femdale Gas.)

xliv. An Act to confirm agreements between the Great Central Railway Company and the Sheffield District Railway Company with reference to the latter company’s railway and for other purposes. (Great Central and Sheffield District Railways.)

Royal Assent, 10th August 1916.

xlv. An Act to confer powers upon the Glen Bank Trustees and for other purposes. (River Glen.)

xlvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Yeadon Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Yeadon Waterworks.)

Royal Assent, 17th August 1916.

xlvii. An Act to authorise the construction by the Clayton Aniline Company Limited of branch railways for the conveyance of traffic between their works and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and for other purposes. (Clayton Aniline Company Limited (Railways).)

xlviii. An Act to authorise the construction of a reservoir by means of a dam across the Afon Ddu and the taking of water by the Conway and Colwyn Bay Joint Water Supply Board and by the Aluminium Corporation Limited for power purposes and for other purposes. (Conway and Colwyn Bay Joint Water Supply Board.)

xlix. An Act to extend the limits for the supply of gas of the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas Company to confer further powers upon that Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas.)

Royal Assent, 23rd August 1916.

P. l. An Act to confirm a Scheme made by a Committee of the Lords of His Majesty's Privy Council under the Municipal Corporation Acts 1882 and 1885 relating to Buxton. (Municipal Corporations (Buxton Scheme Confirmation).)

li. An Act to confer further powers upon the Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power.)

Royal Assent, 18th December 1916.

P. lii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application of the Charity of Margaret Holligrave under the management of the Clothworkers’ Company. (Holligrave Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. liii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain Charities in the Parishes of Stony Stratford East and Stony Stratford West constituting and known as the Town of Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham. (Stony Stratford Charities Scheme Confirmation.)

P. liv. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain Charities. (Baptist Chapels Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lv. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Protestant Congregational Dissenters’ Chapel in the Parish of Bumham-on-Crouch in the County of Essex. [Burnham-on-Crouch Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lvi. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Clear Proceeds of Sale of the Bethel Baptist Chapel and School in Infirmary Street in the City of Bradford. (Bradford (Infirmary Street) Baptist Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lvii An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Particular Baptist Chapel and Trust Property in the Parish of Bradninch in the County of Devon. (Bradninch Chapel Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lviii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Bethlehem Chapel in the Civil Parish of Tryddyn in the County of Flint. (Bethlehem Chapel (Tryddyn) Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lix. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of Pisgah Chapel and Property in the Civil Parish of Tryddyn in the County of Flint. (Pisgah Chapel (Tryddyn) Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lx. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of Moriah Chapel in the Civil Parish of Broughton in the County of Denbigh. (Moriah Chapel (Broughton) Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lxi. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Bethany Particular Baptist Chapel at West Cross Mumbles in the Parish of Oystermouth in the County of Glamorgan. (Bethany Chapel Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lxii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain Charities. (Congregational Chapels Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lxiii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charities called or known as the Workhouse Charities in the County Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon. (Plymouth Workhouse Charities Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Coatbridge Gas. (Coatbridge Gas Order Confirmation.)

lxv. An Act to revoke a Codicil to the Will of the late Right Honourable Cecil John Rhodes and for other purposes. (Rhodes Estate.)

Royal Assent, 22nd December 1916.

P. lxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Gamble Institute Gourock. (Gamble Institute Gourock Order Confirmation.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

Printed by the King’s Printer, and whereof the Printed Copies may be given in evidence.

Royal Assent, 23rd August 1916.

1. An Act for charging on the inheritance of the estates in the counties of London and Middlesex known as the Craven Estates certain incumbrances now affecting the life interest of Augustus William Craven therein and for the rearrangement of certain policies of assurance on his life and for other purposes connected with the said estates. (Craven Estates.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

Not Printed.

Royal Assent, 25th May 1916.

An Act for the restitution in blood of the heirs of the late Reginald Gervase Alexander so far as relates to the honour and dignity of the barony of Cobham. (Alexander's Restitution.)

Royal Assent, 19th July 1916.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of the Honourable Flora Fitzmaurice Irvine with Edward St. George Tottenham Irvine her now husband and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. (Irvine's Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Hugh Lecky with Annie Margaret Lecky his present wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Lecky's Divorce.)

Royal Assent, 10th August 1916.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Reginald Edward Gore with the Honourable Nellie Viola Castalia Florence Gore (commonly called Lady Viola Gore) his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Gore's Divorce.)

260 Alphabetical List of the Local and Private Acts.

[6 & 7 Geo. 5.

[Alphabetical list removed.]

A.D. 1916. Effect of Legislation. 263

TABLE III.

Showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 6 & 7 GEO. 5/

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 6 & 7 Geo. 5.*

33 Hen. 8. c. 12 - Offences within the Court - S. 18 rep. as to E. and I. - 50, s. 48 (1), Sch.

13 Geo. 3. c. 63 - East India Company - Ss. 42, 43, 45 rep. - 37, s. 7 (2), Sch. II.

24 Geo. 3. (Sess. 2) c. 25. - East India Company - Repealed - 37, s. 7 (2), Sch. II.

26 Geo. 3. c. 57 - East India Company - Repealed - 37, s. 7 (2), Sch. II.

---

9 Geo. 4:

c. 25 Revenue Solicitors Extended .... 38, s. 9.

c. 74 Criminal Law (India) - S. 66, except so far as in force in the Straits Settlements. 37, s. 7 (2), Sch. II.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 37 Truck - S. 9 extended 31, s. 7 (6).

6 A 7 Will. 4.:

c. 13 Constabulary (I.) S. 17 rep. in part (but Terms). 69, a. 3, Sch. III.

c. 29 Dublin Police ... S. 44 rep. in part (but see Terms). 59, s. 3, Sch. III.

c. 86 6 & 7 Vict.: Births and Deaths Registration. S. 6 temp. rep. 12, s. 13 (5).

c. 73 Solicitors .... S. 47 extended 38, s. 9.

c. 96 Libel S. 3 rep. as to E. and I. 50, 8.48 (1), Sch.

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 31 Poor Relief (I.) - S. 29 temp. am. - 12, s. 23 (3).

c. 63 Royal Marines ... S. 6 temp. am. ... 23, s. 1.

c. 90 Poor Relief (I.) (No. 2) 8. 21 temp. am. - 12, s. 23 (2).

12 & 13 Vice. c. 104 Poor Relief (I.) - S. 20 temp. am. ... 12, s. 23 (2).

14 & 15 Vict. c. 100 Criminal Procedure S. 5 rep. in part as to I.; s. 18 rep. in part as to E. and I. 50, s. 48 (1), Sch.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 112 Literary and Scientific Institutions. S. 26 rep. in part as to E. and I. 50, s. 48 (1), Sch.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120 Metropolis Management S. 198 temp. rep. - 12, s. 13 (7).

19 & 20 Vict. c. 102 Common Law Procedure Amendment ([.). Temp, applied 26, s. 4.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table.

264 Effect of Legislation.

[6 & 7 Geo. 5.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 6 & 7 Geo. 6.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 106 Government of India - S. 4 temp. rep. in part - 68, s. 9 (1).

23 24 Vict.:

c. 16 Municipal Corporation Mort- (fo nroa S. 7 rep. as to E. and I. 50, s. 48(1), Sch.

c. 61 Local Taxation Returns Temp, amended - 12, s. 13 (1).

24*25 Vict. c. 96 26 27 Vict.: Larceny .... Ss. 2-11, 20, 31, 32, 38, 40-64, ! 67-74, 77-81, 88-96, 100, 101, 114 rep. as to E. and I.; ss. 1, 18, 19, 26-30, 33, 36, 98 rep. in part as to E. and I. 50, s. 48 (1), Sch.

c. 65 Volunteer .... S. 7 temp, restricted - 62, s. 1 (5).

c. 112 Telegraph .... Applied .... 40, s. 1.

27 28 Vict.: *

c. 25 Naval Prise ... S. 51 rep. in part as from Aug. 1914 (so far as not already repealed). 2, s. 1.

c. 34 House of Commons (Vacation of Seats). S. 1 temp. rep. in part - 68, s. 9 (1). '

28*29 Vict. c. 83 Locomotives ... S. 6 (proviso) temp. rep. 12, s. 11 (2).

29 30 Vict.:

c. 25 Exchequer Bills and Bonds - 8. 4 rep.; s. 26 rep. in part - 24, 88.62, 69, Sch. II.

c. 109 Naval Discipline - Amended .... 17, s. 1.

30 31 Vict.:

c. 3 British North America - Amended - - 19, s. 1.

c. 35 Criminal Law Amendment - S. 9 rep. in part as to E. and I. 50, s. 48 (1), Sch.

c. 102 Representation of the People Sch. H. temp. am. 22, s. 1 (1). 56, s. 1 (2). 65, s. 7 (1). 68, S. 12 (2).

31 32 Vict.:

c. 37 Documentary Evidence Applied; Sch. temp. virt. am. 65, s. 6 (5). 68, s. 11 (4).

c. 48 Representation of the People (S.). Sch. H. temp. am. 22, e.l(l). 66, s. 1 (2). 66, 8. 7 (1). 68, a. 12 (2).

c. 49 Representation of the People (I). Sch. E. temp. am. 22, a. 1 (1). 56, a. 1 (2). 65, s. 7 (1). 68, s. 12 (2).

o. 72 Promissory Oaths Sch. Part I. temp. am. 65, a. 7 (1). 68, c. 12 (3).

c. 116 Larceny - S. 1 rep. as to E. and 1. 60, 8.48(1), Sch.

34*35 Vict. c. 112 Prevention of Crimes - Ss. 16, 19 rep., as to E.and I. 60, s. 48 (1), Sch.

39 40 Vict. c. 20 Statute Law Revision (Substituted Enactments). S. 3 rep. as to E. and I. 60, a. 48(1), Sch.

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 2 Treasury Bills S. 6 restricted 1, s. 3 (2). 3, a. 3 (2). 16, s. 3 (2). 80, s. 2 (2). 48 s. 3 (2).

c. 66 Local Taxation Returns Temp, amended - 12, s. 13 (1).

A.D. 1916. Effect of L. 265

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 6 6t 7 Geo. 5.

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 43 Marriage Notice (S.) Ss. 7-9 temp. am. as respects 7, s. 4.

members of H.M. Forces.

c. 52 Public Health (I.) S. 203 restricted; ss. 238, 246 66, ss. 1 (4), 10 (46).

ext.

C. 76 Telegraph - Ss. 3-5, 12 applied 40, ss. 1, 5 (2).

42 & 43 Vict.:

c. 6 District Auditors - S. 5 temp. ext. ... 12, s. 14 (2).

c. 49 Summary Jurisdiction - Bch. I. (6) amended 50, s. 48 (2).

43 & 44 Vict. c. 9 Statutes (Definition of Time) 8. 1 rep. in part - r 45, s. 1, Sch.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 68 Army ..... Ss. 163 (1) (d), 190 (27) rep. 5, s. 4.

in part. Ss. 87 (1), 153 temp. am. 8. 70 (6) temp. am. 16, ss. 2, 9. S3, s. 1.

45 46 Vict.:

c. 48 Reserve Forces - S. 17 temp. am. - 15, s. 9.

c. 50 Municipal Corporations Temp. am. as to local taxation 12, s. 13 (1).

returns. S. 117 rep. as to E. and I. - 50, s.48 (1), Sch.

* c. 56 Electric Lighting S. 23 rep. as to E. and I. 60, s. 48 (1), Sch.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 14 Constabulary and Polloe (I.) Sch. 11. (Art. 14 00) rep. 59, s. 2 (4).

except in certain cases.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 26 Merchandise Marks Extended .... 39, s. 1 (1).

51 Jt 52 Vict.:

c. 41 Local Government Temp. am. as to local taxation 12, s. 13 (1).

returns.

S.24(l)(9(j)*m. - - 81, s. 4.

c. 54 Sea Fisheries Regulation S. 9 temp. rep. ... 12, s. 11 (6a).

52 £53 Vict.:

c. 12 Assizes Relief Applied .... 50, s. 36 (2).

c. 49 Arbitration .... Temp, applied; Sch. (i) temp. 26, f. 4.

incorporated.

c. 50 Local Government (S.) 8. 57 extended ... 31, s. 5 (3).

c. 69 Public Bodies Corrupt Practices. Amended - - 64, ss. 1, 2.

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 45 Police - - S. 13 (2) restricted 31, s. 1 (1).

c. 70 Housing of Working Classes S. 44 temp. rep. - 12, s. 11 (4).

54 & 55 Vict.:

C. 38 Stamp Duties Management - Applied .... 11, s.2(8).

c. 56 Elementary Education Ss. 1 (1), 2, 3, 4 (1) the words 35, s. 1.

" and under fifteen " rep.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 59 Telegraph - 8. 4 (1) am.; s. 2 rep. - 40, ss. 2, 5 (3),

Sch.

56 & 57 Vict.:

c. 53 Trustee - S. 18 temp, and retrospect, ext. to War Risks. 6, s. 1.

c. 73 Local Government S. 68 temp. ext. - 12, s. 14 (1).

67 & 68 Vict.:

. c. 37 locomotive Threshing En- S. 2 (proviso) temp. rep. 12, s. 11 (2).

gines.

c. 53 London (Equalization of S. 1 (7) temp. rep. 12, s. 13 (3).

Rates).

c. 60 Merchant Shipping S. 657 restricted and virt. am. 41, s. 1.

266 Effect of Legislation.

[6 & 7 Geo. 5.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 6 4c 7 Geo. 6.

68 k59 Vict. c. 36 I. of Man (Customs) - S. 1 rep. in part - 27, s. 4 (2).

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 25 Friendly Societies S. 28 temp. am. > 54, s. 1.

c. 50 Poor Law Officers Superannuation. S. 11 temp. rep. - 12, s. 13 (2).

c. 52 Larceny .... Rep. as to E. and I. 50, s. 48 (1), Sch.

c. 67 Burglary .... Rep. as to E. and I. 50, s. 48 (1), Sch.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 29 Locomotives S. 5 (1) temp. am. 12, «.ll(l).

1 Edw. 7:

c. 10 Larceny .... Rep. as to E. and I. 50, s. 48 (1), Sch.

c. 22 Factory and Workshop Ss. 20, 124 (3) rep., except so far as they are applied by s. 73 (31. 31, s. 8 (2), Sch.

2 Edw. 7. c. cxxxix. 6 Edw. 7:Imperial Institute (Transfer) Am.; ss. 3-5, 7, 8 (3), 9 (3) am.; s. 8 (1) (2), Sch. III. rep. 8, s. 1.

c. 34 Prevention of Corruption Amended .... 64, ss. 1-3.

c. 53 Notice of Accidents S. 4 (1) rep. in part s. 8 (2), Sch.

c. 54 Town Tenants (I.) S. 6 extended 66 s. 9.

7 Edw. 7. c. 9 - 8 Edw. 7: Territorial and Reserve Forces. S. 9 temp. am.; s. 7 restricted 4 15, ss. 2, 14 (1), 15.

c. 33 Telegraph (Construction) Ss. 3, 6 applied; ss. 1, 4 rep. 40, ss. 3, 5 (3), Sch.

c. 36 Small Holdings and Allot- S. 69 temp. rep. - 12, s. 11 (66).

ments. S. 12 applied with mods. 38, s. 4 (2).

c. 48 Post Office .... S. 65 applied 11, s. 2 (3).

c. 60 Constabulary (I.) - S. 3 extended 59, 8. 2 (1).

10 Bdw. 7 and 1 Geo. 5. c. 8. 1 4c 2 Gee. 5:Finance (1909-10) 8. 86 (4) ext.; s. 86 am. 24, ss. 14, 33.

c. 28 Official Secrets S. 2 applied - 34, s. 3 (2).

c. 60 Coal Mines .... S. 9 (26) am. in certain cases 31, s. 10.

c. 65 National Insurance Extended temp, to certain trades. S. 113 temp, restr.; Sch. I. (i) temp. am. 20, ss. 1-4. 63, s.l(l) (3).

3 & 4 Geo. 5 c. 28 Mental Deficiency S. 65 extended ... 31, 8.11.

4 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 10 Finance .... S. 6 repealed 24. ss. 26 (6), 69. Sch.II.

c. 35 Education (Provision of Meals) (I.). S. 3 am. as from 31 March 1915; s. 9 rep. S. 1 (1-3), Schs. T., II. rep. - 10, ss. 1, 2.

c. 64 Constabulary and Police (I.) 59, s. 1 (6).

c. 58 Criminal Justice Administra- 8. 3 amended 31, s. 12.

tion. Ss. 35, 89 (2), Sch. III. rep. as to E. and I. 50; s. 48 (1), Sch.

c. 78 Courts (Emergency Powers) S. 1 (l)-(3) am. as respects members of H.M. Forces. S. 1 (1) amended ... S. 1 (2) (3) amended 13, s. 1. 18, s.l(l). 46, s. 1 (5).

A.D. 1916. Effect of Legislation. 267

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 6 & 7 Geo. 5.

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 1 Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Treaty. S. 1 am. as to description of "port." 39, s. 1.

c. 11 Government War Obligations S. 1, Sch. ext. - 70, s. 1 (1) (2).

c. 12 Trading with the Enemy Amendment. S. 5 applied - 32, s. 1.

c. 14 Poor Belief (I.) - S. 1 (1) amended - 12, s. 23 (4).

c. 21 British Ships (Transfer Restriction). Am. and ext.; s. 3 (2) am. - 42, 88.1(1), 3 (2).

c. 32 Irish Police (Naval and Military Service). S. 1 am. retrospec. 59, s. 2.(3).

c. 40 Marriage of British Subjects (Facilities). S. 1 amended - 21, s. 1.

c. 43 Army (Transfers) S. 1 (proviso 1) am. 15, s. 13.

c. 57 Prize Courts S. 1 ext. with mods, (but Terms'). 2, s. 2.

c. 61 Government of India - Ss. 3 (3), 13 (1) (2), 21, 26, 27 (10), 28 (1) (2), 30 (1), 63, 64 (3), 67 (3), 71, 74, 75 (3), 76, 78 (2), 80 (3), 84, 86 (1). 92 (3), 94, 96, 97, 99 (1), 106, 107 (proviso), 109 (1), 110 (1), 114, 120, Sch. V. am.; ss. 26 (rf), 87 (2-6), 116 rep. 37, ss. 1-4, 7 (1) (2), Schs. I., II.

c. 76 Elections and Registration - S. 1 amended S. 1 (1) am.; s. 1 (3-6) applied with mod.; s. 4 (2) applied to 1916. 12, s. 17 (1). 44, 88.2(1) (2), 3.

c. 83 Naval and Military War Pensions. Amended .... 65, ss. 3, 4.

c. 89 Finance (No. 2) - Ss. 2-6, 7 (2) (3) rep.; s. 7 (1) rep. In part; ss. 38, 43 am.; ss. 35, 40 (3) appl. with mod. 24, ss. 45 (2) 46 (1), 63, 56, 69, Sch. II.

c. 96 Government War Obligations S. 2 extended 8.1 (1) (3), ext. - 24, s. 68. 70, s.l(l) (2).

c. 97 Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (W ar Restrictions). S. 1 (2) restricted 18, s. 2 (1).

c. 100 Parliament and Registration Ss. 1 (1), 2 amended 44, ss. 1, 3.

c. 104 Military Service - Cont. and ext.; ss. 2 (3), 3 (3), Sch. I. (6) am.; s. 1 (4) rep.; ss. 1 (1), 2 (6), Sch. 1. (5), Sch. II. (6) rep. in part. 15, ss. 1, 3-7, 17 (2), Sch.

---

6 & 7 Geo. 6:

c. 11 - Finance (New Duties) - S. 4 am.; s. 1 restr. - 24, s. 11 (1).

c. 12 - Local Government (Emergency Provisions). - S. 17 (1) (2) am. - 44, s. 2 (2) (3).

c. 14 - Summer Time - S. 1 (1) (4) rep. in part - 45, s. 1, Sch.

c. 24 - Finance - S. 58 am. with respect to certain Exchequer bonds. - 36. s. 1.

c. 26 - Output of Beer (Restriction) - Ss. 1, 2, 5 am.; s. 6 rep. in part and ext. to Great Britain. - 57, ss. 1-4.

[List of acts in classes removed.]

[Index removed.]

