THE

LAW REPORTS.

THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

FORTY-EIGHTH AND FORTY-NINTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1884-5:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE SESSION'S

LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX.

VOL. XXI.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY,

FOR

WILLIAM CLOWES & SONS, Limited,

Printers and Publishers to the Council of Law Reporting,

DUKE STREET, STAMFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E. C.

1885.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Sixth Session of the Twenty-Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

1. Act to grant to Her Majesty additional Rates of Income Tax. 1

2. An Act to apply the sum of Two million and forty-nine thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five. 3

3. An Act to the Law relating to the Representation of the People of the United Kingdom. 3

4. An Act to amend the Forty-third Section of the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1834. 14

5. An Act to amend Part II. of the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883. 14

6. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six. 15

7. An Act to authorise an Advance to the Government of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope. 16

8. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. 18

9. An Act to relieve Municipal Voters from being disqualified in consequence of letting their Dwelling-houses for short periods. 22

10. An Act to extend the Hours of Polling at Parliamentary and Municipal Elections. 23

11. An Act to enable Her Majesty to give a Guarantee for the purpose of facilitating the raising of a Loan by the Government of Egypt. 24

12. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Distribution of the Royal Irish Constabulary Force. 26

13. An Act to amend the Law relating to Highways. 27

14. An Act to apply the sum of thirteen million three hundred and fifteen thousand three hundred and thirty-four pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six. 28

15. An Act to assimilate the Law affecting the Registration of Occupation Voters in Counties and Boroughs, and for other purposes. 28

16. An Act to amend the Law regulating the Registration of Voters in Scotland; and for other purposes relating thereto. 86

17. An Act to amend the law relating to the Registration of Voters in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

18. An Act to extend the Area to which the Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867 applies. 123

19. An Act further to facilitate the building, enlargement, and maintenance of Industrial Schools in Ireland. 123

20. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Admission of Barristers in Ireland. 125

21. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Contested Elections of Burial Boards. 127

22. An Act to provide for Expenses incurred in relation to Conferences of Local Authorities. 127

23. An Act for the Redistribution of Seats at Parliamentary Elections, and for other purposes. 12$

24. An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore. 214

25. An Act for making provision for the transfer to the Secretary of State in Council of India of Unclaimed India Stock and Dividends; and for amending the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879, and the East Indian Railway (Redemption of Annuities) Act, 1881; and for other purposes. 215

26. An Act to amend the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 224

27. An Act to declare the true meaning of section twenty-two of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875. 225

28. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. 228

29. An Act to enable Municipal Corporations to confer the Honorary Freedom of Boroughs upon persons of distinction. 228

30. An Act to amend the Local Loans Act, 1875, as regards the establishment of a Sinking Fund. 229

31. An Act for amending the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Acts, and for other purposes. 229

32. An Act to amend and extend the Acts relating to the redemption of Tithe Rentcharge in England and Wales. 230

33. An Act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts. 231

34. An Act to declare and explain the sixty-eighth section of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847. 233

35. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, in relation to Ships and Port Sanitary Authorities. 234

36. An Act to provide for the regulation of land held by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State or a Volunteer Corps for an Artillery or Rifle Range, or a School of Gunnery, or like purposes. 235

37. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith. 237

38. An Act to amend the Law relating to School Boards so far as affected by the incorporation of a Municipal Borough and as respects the divisions of the Metropolis. 243

39. An Act to enable the sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals. 245

40. An Act to provide for the application to charitable purposes of such portion of the property subject to the Will of Edward Polehampton as is now vested in the Crown, and for the management and application of the said property. 246

41. An Act to make provision with respect to the maintenance of certain Piers and other works in the estuary of the River Shannon. 259

42. An Act to provide for defraying the Expenditure on account of Greenwich Hospital directly out of the Revenues of Greenwich Hospital; to amend in other respects the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1883; and to amend the law relating to the Naval Knights of Windsor. 267

43. An Act to suspend for a period certain Payments on Annuities created under the National Debt Act, 1883; and to reduce for a like period the Permanent Annual Charge of the National Debt. 270

44. An Act to raise the sum of Four million pounds by Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six. 271

45. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to acquire lands in London, Birmingham, Bristol, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the public service. 271

46. An Act to prevent Medical Relief disqualifying a person from voting. 277

47. An Act to enable the Treasury to provide out of surplus funds arising under the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, office accommodation for officers appointed under the said Act. 278

48. An Act for restitution of the ancient dignity and title of Earl of Mar. 279

49. An Act to carry into effect an International Convention for the Protection of Submarine Telegraph Cables. 282

50. An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes. 288

51. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue. 302

52. An Act to amend the Law relating to Lunatics. 312

53. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to the Members and Officers of Local Authorities. 313

54. An Act to amend the Law relating to Pluralities. 314

55. An Act to explain section thirty-four of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840. 318

56. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Corrupt Practices at Parliamentary Elections. 318

57. An Act to remove doubts as to the appointment of Revising Barristers. 319

58. An Act to amend the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1878. 320

59. An Act to continue various expiring Laws. 321

60. An Act to constitute a Federal Council of Australasia. 324

61. An Act for appointing a Secretary for Scotland and Vice-President of the Scotch Education Department. 329

62. An Act to amend the law relating to the Charges of Returning Officers at Parliamentary Elections. 332

63. An Act to amend the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883. 334

64. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 335

65. An Act to appoint Public Works Loan Commissioners, to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and for the purpose of loans and purchases by the Irish Land Commission, and to make other provisions relating to those Commissioners. 348

66. An Act to accelerate the hearing of Appeals under the Acts relating to the Registration of Voters in Ireland in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five. 353

67. An act to provide for the discharge of the liability of the Consolidated Fund in respect of certain Indian Army Pensions. 354

68. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1875. 356

69. An Act to make further provision for the Protection of Women and Girls, the suppression of brothels, and other purposes. 358

70. An Act to amend the Law relating to Scottish Sea Fisheries and for other purposes relating thereto. 365

71. An Act to amend the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, in relation to the Pensions of Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace. 368

72. An Act to amend the Law relating to Dwellings of the Working Classes. 379

73. An Act to provide greater facilities for the Sale of Land to occupying Tenants in Ireland. 380

74. An Act to amend the Law relating to taking Evidence by Commission in India and the Colonies, and elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions. 391

75. An Act to amend the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871. 392

76. An Act for the preservation of the River Thames above Teddington Lock for purposes of public recreation, and for regulating the pleasure traffic thereon. 393

77. An Act to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, and for other purposes connected with Labourers Dwellings in Ireland. 400

78. An Act to re-organize the Educational Endowments of Ireland. 410

79. An Act to amend the Law relating to the management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown. 420

80. An Act for enabling Allowances to be made to the Officers of Poor law Unions in Ireland, on abolition of Office. 425

[Partial table of local acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

48 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to grant to Her Majesty additional Rates of Income Tax.

[1st December 1884.]

---

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several rates and duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Additional Income Tax Act, 1884.

2. In addition to the duties of income tax granted by the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884, there shall be charged, collected, and paid for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, the following duties of income tax (that is to say):—

For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules (A.), (C.), (D.), or (E.) of the last-mentioned Act the duty of one penny; and for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the last-mentioned Act the duty of one halfpenny.

3. (1.) In the case of dividends, interest, or other annual profits or gains due or payable half-yearly or quarterly in the course of the said year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a.) Where one of the half-yearly payments or two of the quarterly payments shall have been made prior to the passing of this Act, the other half-yearly payment or quarterly pay-

[Short title.]

Grant of additional duties of income tax.

Provisions for securing additional duties on dividends, &c., and as to right of deduction.

2

Application of existing enactments to additional duty.

Ch. 1. Additional Income Tax Act, 1884. 48 Vict.

ment shall be charged with the additional duty of two pence for every twenty shillings of the amount thereof:

(b.) Where three of the quarterly payments shall have been made prior to the passing of this Act, the other quarterly payment shall be charged with the additional duty of four pence for every twenty shillings of the amount thereof:

(c.) Where both the half-yearly payments sh^ll have been made prior to the passing of this Act, the additional duty of one penny granted by this Act shall be charged under Schedule D. in respect of such payments, as profits or gains not charged by virtue of any other schedule, upon statements of the amount thereof to be made by the persons who have received the same, in conformity with the provision contained in the sixth case of Schedule D., in section one hundred of the Act of the fifth and sixth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-five; and the agents intrusted with the payment of the dividends, interest, or other annual profits or gains, shall furnish a list of such persons to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue upon a requisition in that behalf.

(2.) For determining the amount which may be deducted by any person liable to pay any rent, interest, annuity, or other annual payment in the course of the said year, on making the payment, where any such payment shall have been made prior to the passing of this Act, the duty shall be deemed to be payable at the rate of five pence for the first half of the said year, and at the rate of seven pence for the other half of the said year.

(3.) Provided that the charge or deduction of duty at a rate in conformity with the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884, and this Act, made prior to the passing of this Act, shall be deemed to have been a legal charge or deduction.

4. The additional duties granted by this Act shall in any assessment made or to be made for the said year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, be added to and dollected and paid with the duties granted by the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884, and shall in all respects be levied under and be subject to the same provisions as the duties granted by that Act.

Provided that where a duplicate of assessment made under the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884. has been delivered to a collector, it shall be lawful for him under such duplicate and the warrant therewith to collect, not only the duties in such assessment, but also in addition thereto one-fifth of the amount of such duties, without any other or further authority, and he is hereby required to pay over or account for such addition as if it had formed a part of the duties in the assessment; and in such case the payment by any person assessed of such addition, together with the said amount, shall be deemed to be in full satisfaction of his liability under this Act in respect of the property, profits, or gains comprised in the assessment.

1884. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1884 2). Ch. 2, 3.

3

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to apply the sum of Two million and forty-nine thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

[6th December 1884.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, - in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and, consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making <Jated for good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the the service of year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, the sum of two million and forty-nine 1885. thousand pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to Power to the time, on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding to

in the whole the sum of two million and forty-nine thousand pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1884 (Sess. 2).

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Representation of the People of the United Kingdom.

[6th December 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: '

4

Ch. 3.

48 Vict.

Short title of Act.

Uniform household and lodger franchise.

Tenure of house by office or service not to invalidate vote.

Restriction on fagot votes.

Representation of the People Act, 1884.

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Representation of the People Act, 1884.

Extension of the Household and Lodger Franchise.

2. '[A uniform household franchise and a uniform lodger franchise at elections shall be established in all counties and boroughs throughout the United Kingdom and every man possessed of a household qualification or a lodger qualification shall, if the qualifying premises be situate in a county in England or Scotland, be entitled to be registered as a voter, and when registered to vote at an election for such county, and if the qualifying premises be situate in a county or borough in Ireland, be entitled to be registered as a voter, and when registered to vote at an election for such county or borough.

3. Where a man himself inhabits any dwelling-house by virtue of any office, service, or employment, and the dwelling-house is not inhabited by any person under whom such man serves in such* office, service, or employment, he shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act and of the Representation of the People Acts to be an inhabitant occupier of such dwelling-house as a tenant. 1

Prohibition of Multiplication of

4. Subject to the saving in this Act for existing voters, the following provisions shall have effect with reference to elections:

(1.) A man shall not be entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of the ownership of any rentcharge except the owner of the whole of the tithe rentcharge of a rectory, vicarage, chapelry, or benefice to which an apportionment of tithe rent-charge shall have been made in respect of any portion of tithes.?

(2.) Cohere two or more men are owners either as joint tenants or as tenants in common of an estate in any land or tenement, one of such men, but not more than one, shall, if his interest is sufficient to confer on him a qualification as a voter in respect of the ownership of such estate, be entitled (in the like cases and subject to the like conditions as if he were the sole owner) to be registered as a voter, and when registered to vote at an election.

Provided that where such owners have derived their interest by descent, succession, marriage, marriage settlement, or will, or where they occupy the land or tenement, and are bon& fide engaged as partners carrying on trade or business thereon, each of such owners whose interest is sufficient to confer on him a qualification as a voter shall be entitled (in the like cases and subject to the like conditions as if he were sole owner) to be registered as a voter in respect of such ownership, and when registered to vote at an election, and the value of the interest of each such owner where not otherwise legally defined shall be ascertained by the division of the total value of the land or tenement equally among the whole of such owners, j

1884.

Representation of the People Act, 1884. Ch. 3.

5

Assimilation of Occupation Qualification.

5. livery man occupying any land or tenement in a county or Assimilation of borough in the United Kingdom of a clear yearly value of not less occupation than ten pounds shall be entitled to be registered as a voter fand quallfica"on' when registered to vote at an election for such county or borough in respect of such occupation subject to the like conditions respectively as a man is, at the passing of this Act, entitled to be registered as a voter and to vote at an election for such county in respect of the county occupation franchise, and at an election for such borough in respect of the borough occupation franchise.

Supplemental Provisions.

6. 'Jl~ man shall not by virtue of this Act be entitled to be vote

registered as a voter or to vote at any election for a county in rapectn</<occu-respect of the occupation of any dwelling-house, lodgings, land, or S^inborough. tenement, situate in a borough. J

7. (1.) In this Act the expression "a household qualification " Definition of means, as respects England and Ireland, the qualification enacted by the third section of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, fication and and the enactments amending or affecting the same, and the said other fcan-section and enactments, so far as they are consistent with this appHca^on of Act, shall extend to counties in England and to counties and enactments boroughs in Ireland. thereuf

(2.) In the construction of the said enactments, as amended and applied to Ireland, the following dates shall be substituted for the dates therein mentioned, that is to say, the twentieth day of July for the fifteenth day of July, the first day of July for the twentieth day of July, and the first day of January for the fifth day of January.

(3.) The expression "a lodger qualification" means the qualification enacted, as respects England, by the fourth section of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, and the enactments ao& 31 Vict. amending or affecting the same, and as respects Ireland, by the c-102-s- 4-fourth section of the Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 31 & 32 Vict. 1868, and the enactments amending or affecting the same, and the c*49, 8, 4* said section of the English Act of 1867, and the enactments amending or affecting the same, shall, so far as they are consistent with this Act, extend to counties in England, and the said section of the Irish Act of 1868, and the enactments amending or affecting the same, shall, so far as they are consistent with this Act, extend to counties in Ireland; and sections five and six and twenty-two and twenty-three of the Parliamentary and Municipal & Vict. Registration Act, 1878, so far as they relate to lodgings, shall 5'6

apply to Ireland, and for the purpose of such application the reference in the said section six to the Representation of the People Act, 1867, shall be deemed to be made to the Representation of 31 & 32 Vict. the People (Ireland) Act, 1868, and in the said section twenty-two c'49, of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, the

reference to section thirteen of the Parliamentary Registration Vict.

c* IS.

6

31 & 32 Vict. C. 48. 8. 3.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 48. s. 59.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. s. 6.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 48. 8. 6.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. ». 1.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 45. 8. 27.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 65. s. 11.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 5.

31 & 82 Vict. c. 49. s. 8.

Ch. 3. Representation of the People 1884, 48

Act, 1843, shall be construed to refer to the enactments of the Registration Acts in Ireland relating to the making out, signing, publishing, and otherwise dealing with the lists of voters, and the reference to the Parliamentary Registration Acts shall be construed to refer to the Registration Acts in Ireland, and the following dates shall be substituted in Ireland for the dates in that section mentioned, that is to say, the twentieth day of July for the last day of July, and the fourteenth day of July for the twenty-fifth day of July, and the word "overseers " shall be construed to refer in a county to the clerk of the peace, and in a borough to the town clerk.

(4.) The expression "a household qualification " means, as respects Scotland, the qualification enacted by the third section of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, and the enactments amending or affecting the same, and the said section and enactments shall, so far as they are consistent with this Act, extend to comities in Scotland, and for the purpose' of the said section and enactments the expression "dwelling-house "in Scotland means any house or part of a house occupied as a separate dwelling, and this definition of a dwelling-house shall be substituted for the definition contained in section fifty-nine of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868.

(5.) The expression "a lodger qualification " means, as respects Scotland, the qualification enacted sby the' fourth section of* the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, and the enactments amending or affecting the same, and the said section and enactments, so far as they are consistent with this Act, shall extend to counties in Scotland.

(6.) The expression "county occupation franchise " means, as respects England, the franchise enacted by the sixth section of the Representation of the People Act, 1867; and, as respects Scotland ', the franchise enacted by the sixth section of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868; and, as respects Ireland, thC franchise enacted by the first section of the Act of the session of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine.

(7.) The expression "borough occupation franchise" means, as respects England, the franchise enacted by the twenty-seventh section of the Act of the session of the second and third years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter forty-five; and as respects Scotland, the franchise enacted by the eleventh section of the Act of the session of the second and third years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-five; and as respects Ireland the franchise enacted by section five of the Act of the session of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine, and the third section of the Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868.

(8.) Any enactments amending or relating to the county occupation franchise or borough occupation franchise other than the sections in this Act in that behalf mentioned shall be deemed to be

7

1884. Representation of the People, 1884* Ch. 3.

referred to in the definition of the county occupation franchise and the borough occupation franchise in this Act mentioned.

8. (1.) In this Act the expression "the Representation of the Definition of People Acts" means the enactments for the time being in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively relating to the repre- People Acts" sentation of the people, inclusive of the Registration Acts as defined and " Registra-by this Act. t, on Acts"

(2.) The expression "the Registration Acts" means the enactments for the time being in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, relating to the registration of persons entitled to vote at elections for counties and boroughs, inclusive of the Rating Acts as defined by this Act.

(3.) The expressions " the Representation of the People Acts " and " the Registration Acts " respectively, where' used in this Act, shall be read distributively in reference to the three parts of the United Kingdom as meaning in the case of each part the enactments for the time being in force in that part.

(4.) All enactments of the Registration Acts which relate to the registration of persons entitled to vote in boroughs in England in respect of a household or a lodger qualification, and in boroughs in Ireland in respect of a lodger qualification, shall, with the necessary variations and with the necessary alterations of precepts, notices, lists, and other forms, extend to counties as well as to boroughs.

(o.) All enactments of the Registration Acts which* relate to the registration in counties and boroughs in Ireland of persons entitled to vote in respect of the county occupation franchise and the borough occupation franchise respectively, shall, with the necessary variations and with the necessary alterations of precepts, notices, lists, and other forms, extend respectively to the registration in counties and boroughs in Ireland of persons entitled to vote in respect of the household qualification conferred by this Act.

(6.) In Scotland all enactments of the Registration Acts which relate to the registration of persons entitled to vote in burghs, including the provisions relating to dates, shall, with the necessary variations, and with the necessary alterations of notices and other forms, extend and apply to counties as well as to burghs; and the enactments of the said Acts which relate to the registration of persons entitled to vote in counties shall, so far as inconsistent with the enactments so applied, be repealed: Provided that in counties the valuation rolls, registers, and lists shall continue to be arranged in parishes as heretofore.

9. (1.) In this Act the expression "the Rating Acts" means the Definition and enactments for the time being in force in England, Scotland, and ^|1ncat_^°t8of Ireland respectively, relating to the placing of the names of c

occupiers on the rate book, or other enactments relating to rating in so far as they are auxiliary to or deal with the registration of persons entitled to vote at elections; and the expression "the Rating Acts " where used in this Act shall be read distributively in reference to the three parts of the United Kingdom as meaning

8

31 & 32 Virt. c. 48.

Ch. 3. Representation of the People Act, 1884. 48 Vict.

in the case of each part the Acts for the time being in force in that part.

. (2.) In every part of the United Kingdom it shall be the duty of the overseers annually, in the months of April and May, or one of them, to inquire or ascertain with respect to every hereditament which comprises any dwelling-house or dwelling-houses within the meaning of the Representation of the People Acts, whether any man, -other than the owner or other person rated or liable to be rated in respect of such hereditament, is entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of his being an inhabitant occupier of any such dwelling-house, and to enter in the rate book the name of every man so entitled, and the situation or description of the dwelling-house in respect of which he is entitled, and for the purposes^ of such entry a separate column shall be added to the rate book.

(3.) For the purpose of the execution of such duty, the overseers may serve on the person who is the occupier or rated or liable to be rated in respect of such hereditament, or on some agent of such person concerned in the management of such hereditament, the requisition specified in the Third Schedule to this Act requiring that the form in that notice be accurately filled up and returned to the overseers within twenty-one days after such service; and if any such person or agent on whom such requisition is served fails to comply therewith, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and any overseer who fails to perform his duty under this section shall be deemed guilty of a breach of duty in the execution of the Registration Acts, and shall be liable to be fined accordingly a sum not exceeding forty shillings for each default.

(4.) The notice under this section may be served in manner provided by the Representation of the People Acts with respect to the service on occupiers of notice of nonpayment of rates, and, where a body of persons, corporate or unincorporate, is rated, shall be served on the secretary or agent of such body of persons; and where the hereditament by reason of belonging to the Crown or otherwise is not rated, shall be served on the chief local officer having the superintendence or control of such hereditament.

(5.) In the application of this section to Scotland the expression rate book means the valuation roll, and where a man entered on the valuation roll by virtue of this section inhabits a dwelling-house by virtue of any office, service, or employment, there shall not be entered in the valuation roll any rent or value against the name of such man as applicable to such dwelling-house, nor shall any such man by reason of such entry become liable to be rated in respect of such dwelling-house.

(6.) The proviso in section two of the Act for the valuation of lauds and heritages in Scotland passed in the session of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-one, and section fifteen of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, shall be repealed:Provided that in any county in Scotland the commissioners of supply,

1884.

9

Representation of the People , 1884. Ch. 3.

or the parochial board of any parish, or any other rating authority entitled to impose assessments according to the valuation roll, may, if they think fit, levy such assessments in respect of lands and heritages separately let for a shorter period than one year or at a rent not amounting to four pounds per annum in the same manner and from the same persons as if the names of the tenants and occupiers of such lands and heritages were not inserted in the valuation roll.

(7.) In Ireland where the owner of a dwelling-house is rated instead of the occupier, the occupier shall nevertheless be entitled to be registered as a voter, and to vote under the same conditions under which an occupier of a dwelling-house in England is entitled in pursuance of the Poor Kate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869, and the Acts amending the same, to be registered as a voter, and to vote where the owner is rated, and the enactments referred to in the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to Ireland accordingly, with the modifications in that schedule mentioned.

(8.) Both in England and Ireland where a man inhabits any dwelling-house by virtue of any office, service, or employment, and is deemed for the purposes of this Act and of the Representation of the People Acts to be an inhabitant occupier of such dwelling-house as a tenant, and another person is rated or liable to be rated for such dwelling-house, the rating of such other person shall for the purposes of this Act and of the Representation of the People Acts be deemed to be thajt of the inhabitant occupier; and the several enactments of the Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869, and other Acts amending the same referred to in the First Schedule to this Act shall for those purposes apply to such inhabitant occupier, and in the construction of those enactments the word "owner " shall be deemed to include a person actually rated or liable to be rated as aforesaid.

(9.) (In any part of the United Kingdom where a man inhabits a dwelling-house in respect of which no person is rated by reason of such dwelling-house belonging to or being occupied on behalf of the Crown, or by reason of any other ground of exemption, such person shall not be disentitled to be registered as a voter, and to vote by reason only that no one is rated in respect of such dwelling-house, and that no rates are paid in respect of the same, and it shall be the duty of the persons making out the rate book or valuation roll to enter any such dwelling-house as last aforesaid in the rate book or valuation roll, together with the name of the inhabitant occupier thereof., J.

10. Nothing in this Act shall deprive any person (who at the date of the passing of this Act is registered in respect of any qualification to vote for any county or borough,) of his right to be from time to time registered and to vote for such county or borough in respect of such qualification in like manner as if this Act had not passed.

Provided that where a man is so registered in respect of the county or borough occupation franchise by virtue of a qualification

82 & 33 Vict C. 41.

Saving.

40 Ch. 3. Representation of the People , 1884. 48 Vict.

which also qualifies him for the franchise under this Act, he shall be entitled to be registered in respect of such latter franchise only.

Nothing in this Act shall confer on any man who is subject to any legal incapacity to be registered as a voter or to vote, any right to be registered as a voter or to vote.

Construction 11. This Act, so far as may be consistently with the tenor thereof, of Act. shall be construed as one with the Representation of the People

Acts as defined by this Act; and the expressions "election, " " county, " and " borough, " and other expressions in this Act and in the enactments applied by this Act, shall have the same meaning as in the said Acts.

Repeal of certain superseded sections.

[Commencement of Act.]

Provided that in this Act and the said enactments —

The expression "overseers " includes assessors, guardians, clerks of unions, or other persons by whatever name known, who perforin duties in relation to rating or to the registration of voters similar to those performed in relation to such matters by overseers in England.

The expression "rentcharge " includes a fee farm rent, a feu duty in Scotland, a rent seek, a chief rent, a rent of assize, and any rent or annuity granted out of land.

The expression "land or tenement " includes any part of a house separately occupied for the purpose of any trade, business, or profession, and that expression, and also the expression "hereditament, " when used in this Act, in Scotland includes " lands and heritages."

The expressions "joint tenants " and " tenants in common " shall include " pro indiviso proprietors."

The expression "clear yearly value " as applied to any land or tenement means in Scotland the annual value as appearing in the valuation roll, and in Ireland the net annual value at which the occupier of such land or tenement was rated under the last rate for the time being, under the Act of the session of the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-six, or any Acts amending the same.

12. Whereas the franchises conferred by this Act are in substitution for the franchises conferred by the enactments mentioned in the first and second parts of the Second Schedule hereto, be it enacted that the Acts mentioned in the first part of the said Second Schedule shall be repealed to the extent in the third column of that part of the said schedule mentioned except in so far as relates to the rights of persons saved by this Act; and the Acts mentioned in the second part of the said Second Schedule shall be repealed to the extent in the third column of that part of the said schedule mentioned except in so far as relates to the rights of persons saved by this Act and except in so far as the enactments so repealed contain conditions made applicable by this Act to any franchise enacted by this Act.

13. This Act shall commence and come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five: Provided that the register of voters in any county or borough in

1884. Representation of the People, 1884. Ch. 3.

Scotland made in the last-mentioned year shall not come into force until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and until that day the previous register of voters shall continue in force.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Enactments applied to Ireland.

Session and Chapter. Title. Enactments applied.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 41. - The Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869. Section seven; section eight; section nine; section ten, and the enactment of the Representation of tho People Act, 1867, therein referred to; section nineteen; section twenty, so far as regards the definition of the word "owner."

41 & 42 Vict. c. 26. - The Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878. Section fourteen.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 10. - The Assossed Bates Act, 1879. The whole Act.

MODIFICATIONS.

Any penalty recoverable on summary conviction may be recovered in accordance with the law relating to summary convictions in Ireland.

In the above-mentioned enactment of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, the thirty-first day of December shall be substituted for the fifth day of January, the first day of May for the first day of June, and the twentieth day of May for the twentieth day of June.

SECOND SCHEDULE. PART I.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

2*3 Will. 4. c. 45. An Act to amend the Representation of the People in England and Wales. Section twenty, the words "or who shall occupy as " tenant any lands or tenements for which he shall be bon& fide liable to a " yearly rent of not less " than fifty pounds."

Section

Section

12

Ch. 3.

Representation of the People, 1884.

48 VICT.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or

Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Will. 4.

c. 65.

An Act to amend the Representation of the People in Scotland.

Section nine, the words "or " where such tenant shall, " for the foresaid period of " twelve months, have been " in the actual personal " occupancy of any such " subject, where the yearly " rent is not less than fifty " pounds, or where the " tenant, whatever the rent " may be, has truly paid " for his interest in such " subject a price, grassum, " or consideration of not " less than three hundred " pounds."

PART II.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Title or Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Will. 4.

c. 45.

An Act to amend the Represen -tation of the People in England and Wales.

Section twenty-seven.

2 & 3 Will. 4.

c. 65.

An Act to amend the Representation of the People in Scotland.

Section eleven, from the beginning of the section to the words "sixth day of April " then next preced- ing" inclusive.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69.

An Act to amend the Laws which regulate the Qualification and Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Ireland, and to alter the Law for rating Immediate Lessors of Premises to the Poor Rate in certain Boroughs.

Sections one and five.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102.

The Representation of the People Act, 1867.

Section six.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 48.

The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868.

Section six.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 49.

The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868.

Section three.

1884.

Representation of the People, 1884. Ch. 3.

13

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Form of Requisition by Overseers requiring Names of ' Inhabitant Occupiers.

To E.F.

You are hereby required to fill up accurately the under-written form.

If this form is not returned to [us], accurately filled up, within twenty-one days after the service hereof, you will be liable, under the Repre sentation of the People Act, 1884, to a penalty not exceeding fort) shillings.

Dated this day of 18

A.B.

C.D.

Overseers [or assistant overseer] for the parish of

Form of

1. 2. 3.

Property in respect of which the Person making the Return is rated [or liable to be rated, or occupier]. Situation or Description of every Dwelling-house, as defined by the Representation of the People Acts, forming part of the Property in First Column. Surname and other Name of every Man who was on the fifteenth [or in English Counties or in Scotch Counties or Boroughs last, or in Irish Counties or Boroughs twentieth] day of July last, and has been up to the date of the Return an Inhabitant Occupier of any Dwelling-house in the Second Column.

1 1

I declare that the above is a true and complete return.

(Signed)

Dated the day of 18

Section 9.

14

Ch; 4, ‘ 5. Yorkshire Registries Act (1884) Amendment Act. AH Vict.

Amendment of s. 43. of Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

Extension of power of relaxation.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to amend the Forty-third Section of the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

[6th December 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In section forty-three of the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884, the words "before the commencement of this Act" shall be substituted for the words "before the passing of this Act"

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend Part II. of the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

[6th December 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend Part II. of the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and herein-after called the said Act:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The conditions or any of them defined in the fourth subsection of the thirteenth section of the said Act may be relaxed on special grounds, with the consent of the Treasury, on the recommendation of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, Amendment Act, 1884.

1885.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1885. Ch. 6.

15

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six.

[28th March 1885.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United 2, 130, 084/. Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making of the

good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the Consolidated years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight Fun? forftb, e hundred and eighty-four and one thousand eight hundred and ^r^ending* eighty-five, the sum of two million one hundred and thirty thou- 31st March sand and eighty-four pounds five shillings and sevenpence. 1884 and 188‘

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making Consolidated good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the Fund for the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight 8^riceen^nthe hundred and eighty-six, the sum of ten million eight hundred and aigt March four thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds. 1886.

3. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time Power to the to time, on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceed- to

ing in the whole the sum of twelve million nine hundred and thirty-four thousand eight hundred and thirty-four pounds five'shillings and sevenpence, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1885.

16

Ch. 7.

Cape of Good Hope (Advance) Act, 1885. 48 Vice,

CHAPTER 7.

Short tide.

Temporary advance of 400,000l. by Treasury to Government of Cape of Good Hope.

An Act to authorise an advance to the Government of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope.

[28th March 1885.]

WHEREAS with a view to the speedy completion of a railway in the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope between Hopetown, on the Orange River, and Kimberley, in pursuance of Act number thirty-six of 1884 of the Legislature of the said Colony (the short title of which is the Orange River and Kimberley Railway Act, 1884), it is expedient to authorise a temporary advance out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, to the Government of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope:

And whereas the said Government has undertaken to submit to the Legislature of the said Colony at the first opportunity a law for securing the repayment of the said advance and the payment of the interest thereon, and for the appropriation of the advance to the completion of the said railway, and for the raising of the further funds (if any) which that completion requires, and for the other matters necessary for carrying into effect the arrangement between the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury (in this Act referred to as the Treasury) and the Government of the said Colony regarding the said advance, and the said Government have undertaken to promote the passing of such law by the said Legislature:

And whereas the said Government has undertaken to make arrangements for completing the said railway within a period of eight months from the date of the passing of this Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Cape of Good Hope (Advance) Act, 1885.

2. (1.) For the purpose of assisting the Government of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope to make a railway from Hope-town, on the Orange River, to Kimberley, in the said Colony, the Treasury may from time to time during the twelve months ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, upon such evidence of the progress of the said railway works and of the money expended thereon as the Treasury from time to time require, advance to the said Government on the security herein-after mentioned, any Rum or sums not exceeding in the whole four hundred thousand pounds, to be applied by the said Government in making the said railway.

(2.) The Government of the said Colony shall appropriate every such advance for making the said railway, and shall repay every such advance within five years from the date of the advance, and shall in the meantime pay interest thereon at the rate of three and a half per cent, per annum, and shall render to the Treasury such abstract accounts of expenditure on the railway, certified by the Comptroller and Auditor-General of the Colony, and such reports of the progress of the works, certified by the engineer of the railway, as the Treasury may from time to time require.

1885.

17

Gape of Good Hope (Advance) 1885. Ch. 7.

3. (1.) An advance shall not be made in pursuance of this Act until the Government of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope him deposited, in such manner as the Treasury require, such number of the debentures herein-after mentioned as in nominal amount are equal to the amount of the said advance with an addition of one sixteenth of the amount of such advance.

(2.) The said debentures shall be debentures of the said Government issued in pursuance either of Act number twenty of 1883 of the Legislature of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope (the short title of which Act is the Temporary Loans Act, 1883), or of a law to be hereafter passed as above recited by the said Legislature, and shall bear interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum, and have coupons attached for such interest for not less than five years: Provided that the Treasury shall not dispose of any such debenture or coupon (otherwise than by returning the same to the Government of the Colony) until default is made of any principal or interest for the time being due from such Government in respect of the said advance.

(3.) If the Legislature of the said Colony do not within a reasonable time pass a law providing to the satisfaction of the Treasury for securing the repayment of the advances under this Act and the payment of the interest thereon and for the appropriation of the advances to the completion of the said railway, and for the raising of the further funds (if any) which such completion requires, and for the other matters necessary for carrying into effect the arrangement between the Treasury and the Government of the said Colony regarding the said advance, or if through any cause within the control of the said Government the said railway be not completed within the period of eight months from the date of the passing of this Act the Treasury may refuse to make any further advance in pursuance of this Act, and the said Government shall pay interest at the rate of five instead of three and a half per cent, per annum on the advances already made, from the dates on which they were first made until they are repaid.

4. Every law hereafter passed by the Legislature of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope, which in any way impairs the validity or priority of the charge upon the general revenue of that Colony created by that Legislature of the principal or interest of any advance made or debenture deposited in pursuance of this Act, shall, so far as it impairs such validity or priority, be void, unless it contains a suspending clause, providing that such Act shall not come into operation until Her Majesty's pleasure thereon has been publicly signified in the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope.

5. (1.) Every advance under this Act shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

(2.) For the purpose of raising the sums required for advances under this Act, the Treasury may borrow any sum or sums not exceeding the amount of such advances, by the issue of Exchequer bonds, or Exchequer bills, or Treasury bills, in manner provided by the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866, and the Treasury Bills Act, 1877, as they think most convenient for the public service; so, however, that no Exchequer bond shall be made out for any sum less

Conditions of advance.

No law of the Colony impairing security of advances under Act valid without Her Majesty's approval.

Issue and raising of advances and application of sums repaid.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 25.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.

18

Extension of 29 & 80 Vict. c. 25. to bonds.

Account of advances.

Ch. 7, 8. Cape of Good Hope (A) Act, 1885. 48 VICT.

than one hundred pounds; and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3.) Every Exchequer bond issued in pursuance of this Act shall provide for the paying off of such bond at par at any period not exceeding five years nor less than twelve months from the date of such bond.

(4.) The principal of any Exchequer bonds issued under this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, and the interest on all Exchequer bonds issued in pursuance of this Act shall be charged upon and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or out of the growing produce thereof.

(5.) All sums paid by the Government of the Colony in respect of the principal of or interest on any advance under this Act, and all sums arising from the disposal of any debentures deposited in pursuance of this Act or of the coupons thereof shall be paid into the Exchequer.

0. Section fifteen of the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866 (which section relates to the forgery of Exchequer bills), shall apply to all Exchequer bonds issued in pursuance of this Act in like manner as if it were herein enacted with the substitution of Exchequer bond for Exchequer bill.

7. An account of all sums issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act, and of all sums paid by the Government of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope in respect of the interest or principal of any advance in pursuance of this Act, shall be annually laid before Parliament in such form as the Treasury from time to time direct, so long as any such advance shall remain outstanding.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[28th April 1885.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and forty-two thousand one hundred and ninety-four men, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions: And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or

1885.

Ch. 8.

19

Ai'my (Annual) Act, 1885.

vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which 'they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act, 1881, will expire in the year one 44 & 45 Vict. thousand eight hundred and eighty-five on the following days:c* 58‘

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and (6.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and (c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1885.

2. — (1.) The Army Act, 1881, shall be and remain in force Army Act

during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless c^s^to be^n otherwise provided by Parliament; that is to say, force for speci-

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the fied t, n, cs '

Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, both inclusive; and (b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, both inclusive; and

(c/> Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, both inclusive;

and the day from which the Army Act, 1881, is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Army Act, 1881, while in force shall apply to persons 44 & 4 Vict. subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's c* °8, dominions.

20- Cfl. 8. Army (Annual), 1885. 48 Vict.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act, 1881, by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

Frices in 3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for

respect of the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army

eting' Act, 1881, the prices specified in the Schedule to this Act

Amendments of Army Act, 1881.

Amendment of 4- Whereas sub-section ten of section forty-four of the Army s. 44 of Act 1881, is as follows: —

c458. as to the For the purposes of commutation of punishment the summary

commutation punishment above-mentioned shall be deemed to stand in the scale of punishment of punishments next below penal servitude

And whereas it is expedient to authorise the commutation of imprisonment into summary punishment: Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

In sub-section ten of section forty-four of the Army Act, 1881, the word "imprisonment " shall be substituted for the words "penal servitude."

Amendment of 5. Whereas by sub-section one of section eighty-eight of the s. 88 of Army Act, 1881, Her Majesty is authorised under the circumstances c^t.astotiie therein mentioned by proclamation to direct that persons who form of procla- would otherwise be entitled to be transferred to the reserve shall mation for con- continue in army service for the same period for which they might innSboarmyC" required to serve, if they had been transferred to the reserve

service. and called out for permanent service by a proclamation under the

Reserve Forces Act, 1882;

And whereas it is expedient to assimilate the terms of a procla-45 & 46 Vict mation under the said section to a proclamation under the Reserve c*484 Forces Act, 1882: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

In section eighty-eight of the Army Act, 1881, there shall be substituted for sub-section one thereof the following enactments, (which shall be sub-sections one, two, and three thereof, and the present sub-section two of the said section shall be numbered four): —

(1.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council, in case of imminent national danger or of great emergency, by proclamation, the occasion being first communicated to Parliament if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting declared by the proclamation, to order that the soldiers who would otherwise be entitled in pursuance of the terms of their enlistment to be transferred to the reserve shall continue in army service.

(2.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any such proclamation to order a Secretary of State from time to time to give, and when given to revoke or vary, such directions as may seem necessary or proper for causing all or any of the soldiers mentioned in the proclamation to continue in army service.

(3.) Every soldier for the time being required by or in pursuance of such directions to continue in army service shall continue

' to serve in army service for the same period for which he

21

1885.

Army (Annual), 1885. Ch. 8.

might be required to serve, if he had been transferred to the reserve and called out for permanent service by a proclamation of Eer Majesty under the enactments relating to the reserve.

6. Whereas by section one hundred and seventy-one of the Army Act, 1881, it is enacted as follows:

" Any power or jurisdiction given to, or any act or thing to be done by, to, or before any person holding any military office may be exercised by, or done by, to, or before any other person for the time being authorised in that behalf according to the custom of the service."

And whereas doubts have arisen as to the application of the said section in certain cases, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

In section one hundred and seventy-one of the Army Act, 1881, there shall be added at the end thereof the words "or according to rules made under section seventy of this Act."

7. Whereas doubts have arisen as to the application of subsection one of section one hundred and seventy-two ol* the Army Act, 1881, to sub-section two thereof, and as to whether sub-section two extends to directions as well as orders, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be h therefore enacted as follows:

In section one hundred and seventy-two of the Army Act, 1881, there shall be substituted for sub-section two thereof above recited the following enactment:

(2.) The foregoing enactment of this section shall extend to any order or directions issued in pursuance of this Act in relation to a military convict or military prisoner, and any such order or directions shall not be held void by reason of the death or removal from office of the officer signing or ordering the issue of the same, or by reason of any defect in such order or directions, if it be alleged in such order or directions that the convict or prisoner has been convicted, and there is a good and valid conviction to sustain the order or directions.

8. - — (1.) The amendments of the Army Act, 1881, made by this Act shall take effect as from the commencement of this Act.

(2.) Where any enactment or words is or are directed by this Act or by any enactment for the time being in force, whether passed before or after the passing of this Act, to be substituted in the Army Act, 1881, for any other enactment or words, or to be added to, or omitted from, the Army Act, 1881, then all copies of Hie Army Act, 1881, printed after such direction takes effect shall be printed with the said enactment or words added to the said Act or omitted therefrom, or printed therein, in lieu of any enactment or words for which the same is or are substituted, according as such direction requires, and with the sections and sub-sections numbered in accordance with such direction; and the said Act shall be construed as if it had, at the time at which such direction takes effect, been enacted with such addition, omission, or substitution.

(3.) A reference in any enactment, whether passed before or after the passing of this Act, to the Army Act, 1881, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed to refer to the Army Act, 1881, as amended by any enactment for the time being in force.

Amendment of s. 171 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. as to the exercise of powers vested in holder of military office.

Amendment of s. 172 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. as to the signing of orders in relation to prisoners.

Commencement.

Printing and construction of amendments.

Ch. 8, 9. Army (Annual) 1885. 48 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act, 1881. Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. Lodging and attendance for officer Twopence halfpenny per night. One shilling and one penny halfpenny each. Fourpence per day.

One shilling and ninepence per day. Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to relieve Municipal Voters from being disqualified in consequence of letting their Dwelling-houses for short periods.

[28th April 1885.]

41 & 43 Vict. "\V WHEREAS by the House Occupiers Disqualification Removal 8* Act, 1878, provision was made that a man should be entitled

to be registered as an inhabitant occupier of a dwelling-house under so & si Vict. the third section of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, c. 102. notwithstanding that during a part of the qualifying period not exceeding four months in the whole, he should by letting, or otherwise, have permitted the qualifying premises to be occupied as a furnished house by some other person:

And whereas similar provision was made as regards Scotland 4i & 42 Vict. by the House Occupiers Disqualification Removal (Scotland) Act, C*5* 1878:

And whereas it is expedient to extend the said Acts to voters at municipal elections:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1, This Act may be cited as the Municipal Voters Relief Act, 1885.

lotting as fur- 2.(From and after the passing of this Act a man shall not be

for^rtain* disqualified from being enrolled or voting as a burgess at any period not to municipal election in a borough, in respect of the occupation of disqualify. any house, by reason only that during a part of the qualifying \ / period, not exceeding four months in the whole, he has, by letting, or otherwise, permitted such house to be occupied as a furnished dwelling-house by some other person, and during such occupation by another person has not resided in or within seven miles of the borough. -1

1885.

23

Municipal Voters Relief Act, 1885. Ch. 9, 10.

3. In this Act — Definitions.

The expression "burgess " has, in England, the same meaning as

in the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and in Scotland and 45 & 46 Vict. Ireland means a person entitled to vote at a municipal election c*50* in Scotland and Ireland respectively.

The expression "municipal election " has, in England, the same meaning as in the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and in Scotland and Ireland, has the same meaning as that expression is defined to have with reference to Scotland and Ireland respectively by the Ballot Act, 1872. 853* 86 Vict '

4. Whereas in the municipal borough of Dublin the qualifying ge(jaction of period of occupation is a period of two years and eight months, qualifying ° ending the last day of August, and it is expedient that such quali- period of tying period should be reduced: Be it enacted, that from and after p*]J(|"tion in the passing of this Act the qualifying period of occupation in the said municipal borough shall be a period of twelve months preceding the first day of September, instead of such period of two years and eight months.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to extend the Hours of Polling at Parliamentary and Municipal Elections.

[28th April 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. At every parliamentary and every municipal election within Hours of the meaning of this Act, the poll (if any) shall commence at eight P°1, ing* o'clock in the forenoon, and be kept open till eight o'clock in the afternoon of the same day and no longer.

2. In this Act — Definitions.

The expression "parliamentary election" means an election for a county, city, borough, place, or combination of counties, cities, boroughs, and places (not being any university or universities), which returns any knight of the shire or member to serve in Parliament, and where the same is divided for the purpose of such return includes an election for such division:

The expression "municipal election" means an election of a councillor, commissioner of police, or auditor, or (in Ireland) an alderman or any commissioner, in any municipal borough or in any ward thereof:

The expression "municipal borough " means, —

As regards England, a borough subject to the Municipal 45 & 46 Vict.

Corporations Act, 1882; and c. 50.

As regards Scotland, a burgh or town which has a town council or police commissioners; and As regards Ireland, a borough subject to the Act of the session of the third and fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and eight.

48 Vxct*.

24 Ch. 10, 11. Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1885.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 103.

Repeal of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 4. and 47 & 48 Vict. c. 34.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

intituled "An Act for the Regulation of Municipal " Corporations in Ireland, " and the Acts amending the same, and includes a place subject to the Act of the ninth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter eighty-two, or to the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, or to any local Act providing for the election of commissioners in any town or place for purposes similar to the purposes of the above-mentioned Acts.

3. Upon this Act coming into operation the Parliamentary Elections (Metropolis) Act, 1878, and the Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1884, shall be repealed, without prejudice to anything previously done in pursuance thereof.

4. This Act may be cited as the Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1885.

5. This Act shall come into operation at the end of this present Parliament.

[Short title.]

Power to Her Majesty to guarantee annuity of 315,000l. for loan to be raised by the Egyptian Government

Issue of money for guarantee and repayment of sums ta Exchequer.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to give a Guarantee tor the purpose of facilitating the raising of a Loan by the Government of Egypt.

[21st May 1885.]

WHEREAS Her Majesty's Government has entered into a Convention with the Governments o£ Austria-Hungary, France, Germany, Italy, Russia, and Turkey, containing articles to the effect set forth in the schedule to this Act, for the purpose of facilitating the raising of a loan by the Government of Egypt, and in pursuance of Her Majesty's gracious recommendation in that behalf it is expedient to enable Her Majesty to carry into effect the said Convention:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Egyptian Loan Act, 1885.

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to guarantee jointly with the foreign Governments named in Article Seven set forth in the schedule to this Act, and severally, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Articles in the said schedule, the regular payment of the annuity of three hundred and fifteen thousand pounds sterling, mentioned in the said Article Seven, for the purpose of a loan to be raised by the Government of Egypt.

3. (1.) The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall charge on and issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof such sums as may from time to time be required for fulfilling the guarantee of Her Majesty in pursuance of this Act.

(2.) All sums paid from time to time in or towards the repayment of any sum issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

1885.

Egyptian Loan Act, 1885. Ch. 11. %5

4. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall, during Accounts, the continuance of the said annuity, lay before both Houses of Parliament in every year within one month after the thirty-first day of March an account up to that day of the total sums, if any, which have been either issued from the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act, or paid in or towards repayment of any money so issued.

SCHEDULE.

Articles contained in a Convention made the eighteenth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, between the Governments of Great Britain, Austria-Hungary, France, Germany, Italy, Russia, and Turkey, the English Translation of which is as follows

Article I.

The Egyptian Government, with the consent of His Imperial Majesty the Saltan, and under the guarantee resulting from the present Convention, shall issue, at a rate not to exceed 3£ per cent., the securities required to produce a sum not exceeding 9,000,000l.

A Decree of His Highness the Khedive shall fix the rate, the conditions, and the dates of issue.

Article II.

The coupons shall be rpaid in gold in Egypt, in London, and in Paris on the 1st March and the 1st September of each year.

In Paris the payments shall be made at the fixed rate of 25 fr. to the pound sterling.

Article HI.

The bonds of this loan shall not be subject to any tax for the benefit of the Egyptian Government.

Article FV.

A fixed annuity of 315,000l., to be applied to the service of the loan, shall be levied as a first charge upon the revenues assigned to the service of the Preference and Unified Debts.

Article V.

Such portion of this annuity as shall not be absorbed by the payment of interest shall be applied to the redemption of the loan. The redemption shall be effected by purchase at the market price. If the price is above par it shall be effected by drawings at par, the Egyptian Government, however, reserving to itself the right to pay off the loan at par.

Article VI.

The service of the new loan shall be conducted by the Egyptian Treasury of the Public Debt under the same conditions as the service of the Preference and Unified Debts.

Article VII.

The Governments of Great Britain, Austria-Hungary, France, Germany, Italy, and Russia, undertake either to guarantee jointly and severally, or to ask authority from their Parliaments to guarantee jointly and severally, the regular payment of the above stipulated annuity of 315,000l.

Article VIII.

The Commissioners of the Treasury of the Debt shall, fifteen days before each payment is due, render an account to the Egyptian Government in a special report to be published in the " Journal Officiel " of the state of the funds assigned to the service of the loan.

Article IX.

All instalments of the loan shall be carried to the account of the Treasury of the Debt.

26

Cm. 11, 12.

48 Vict.

Egyptian Loan Act, 1883.

Article X.

The expenses of remittance and other expenses of the operation shall be levied on the amount of the loan.

The Commissioners of the Treasury of the Debt shall charge on the produce of the loan the sum necessary to complete the payment of the Alexandria indemnities, and shall pay those indemnities to the claimants on behalf of the Egyptian Government, according to the awards made by the International Indemnity Commission.

The indemnities shall be paid in full, and without arrears of interest.

Article XI.

The surplus of the loan shall be paid over to the Egyptian Government as that Government may require it.

Article XII.

Any unemployed balance remaining over from the loan shall be applied to the purchase of securities, which shall be cancelled under the conditions stated in Article V.

Article XIII.

The Treasury of the Public Debt shall, at the end of every half year, address a Report to the Egyptian Government, showing the manner in which the proceeds of the loan have been employed, according to vouchers produced by the Egyptian Government. This Report shall be published in the " Journal Officiel."

Article XIV.

The present Convention shall be ratified, and the ratifications shall be exchanged in London as soon as possible.

Declaration by the Russian Government.

The Russian Plenipotentiary makes the following Declaration in the name of his Government: —

If, in course of time, the guarantee stipulated in Article VII. of the present Convention should come into force, it is understood that, in the accounts between the Guaranteeing Governments, the share falling to Russia shall iu no case exceed the sixth part of the interest guaranteed.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Distribution of the Royal Irish Constabulary Force.

[21st May 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows r Redistribution 1. The Lord Lieutenant may, by and with the advice of the sulmiaCOnforce ^vy Council in Ireland, within three months after the passing of ' this Act, and thereafter at the end of each succeeding term of three years from the passing of this Act, alter or vary the number of sergeants and constables for each county, city, or town specified in 28 & 29 Vict. the schedule to the Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1865, c- 70* and for the city of Londonderry, to such number as the Lord

Lieutenant may consider to be required, but so that the total number to be distributed as free quota, including such number as may be assigned to the city of Londonderry, shall not exceed the total number specified in the schedule to that Act.

27

1885. Constabulary (Ireland) Redistribution, 1885. Ch. 12, 13.

The number for the time being assigned by the Lord Lieutenant to each county, city, or town, may be referred to for all purposes as the free quota for such county, city, or town.

2. So much of section three of the Constabulary (Ireland) Repeal. Amendment Act, 1870, as limits the numbers of the Constabulary Force, and of the additional Constabulary Force, for the city of Londonderry is hereby repealed.

The power of distribution conferred upon the Lord Lieutenant by this Act shall be in substitution for the power conferred upon him by the third section of the Act of the session of the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventeen.

3. In this Act, —

The expression "Lord Lieutenant " includes the lords justices or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

4. This Act may be cited as the Constabulary (Ireland) Redistribution Act, 1885.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Highways.

* [21st May 1885.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend certain provisions of the

Highway Act, 1835, so far as such provisions relate to the 5 & 6 W.4. cutting or pruning of hedges, and the powers and duties of highway 50* boards in reference thereto:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Highway Act Amendment Act, 1885.

2. If in the opinion of any highway board a highway is prejudiced Tower to high-by the shade of any hedges or by any trees or other things growing ^prune*0"^ in or near such hedges or other fences, and the sun and wind are hedges, &c. excluded from such highway to the damage thereof, or if in their opinion any obstruction is caused in any highway by any hedge or tree, or by any bank, or by anything growing on any bank adjoining such highway, it shall be lawful for such board at any time to cut, prune, or pare the said hedge, or to prune or lop the said trees, or to remove the said obstruction; provided that the consent of the owner and occupier of the premises on which the hedges, trees, or obstruction is situated has been first obtained.

3. This Act shall only extend to the counties of Wilts, Dorset, Extent of Act Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall.

Interpretation.

[Short title.]

28

Ch. 14, 15. Consolidated Fumd (No. 8) Act, 1885.

48 Vict.

Issue of 13, 315, 334/. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1886.

Power to the Treasury‘to ' borrow.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to apply the sum of thirteen million three hundred and fifteen thousand three hundred and thirty-four pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six.

[21st May 1885.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Ooaisolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, the sum of thirteen million three hundred and fifteen thousand three hundred and thirty-four pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time, on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of thirteen million three hundred and fifteen thousand three hundred and thirty-four pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sum so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1885.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to assimilate the Law affecting the Registration of Occupation Voters in Counties and Boroughs, and for other purposes.

[21st May 1886.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the assimilation of the county and borough occupation franchises should be followed by an assimilation of the registration law applicable to those franchises in counties and boroughs:

1885. Registration , 1885. Ch. 15.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (l.)[Subject to the modifications in this Act mentioned, the registration of occupation voters in parliamentary counties shall be conducted in the like manner as the registration of occupation voters in parliamentary boroughs, and the Parliamentary Registration Acts shall apply to parliamentary counties in like manner as they apply to parliamentary boroughs.

(2.) Subject to the modifications in this Act mentioned, the following sections of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, that is to say, —

Section nine (relating to the publication of notices at post offices, telegraph offices, and public, municipal, and parochial offices); Section twenty-seven (relating to objections to the lists of voters);

Section twenty-eight (relating to the duties and powers of revising barristers); and Section twenty-nine (relating to the power to fine overseers for neglect of duty),

shall apply to the registration of ownership voters in parliamentary counties in like manner as to the registration of occupation voters; but save as aforesaid, nothing in this section shall be deemed to extend to ownership voters any of the provisions of the Parliamentary Registration Acts which relate to boroughs.

(3.) In the construction of the above-mentioned Acts and sections for the purposes of their application by this section, there shall be made the variations following, and such other variations as are necessary for carrying into effect the said application; that is to

Bay, —

(a.) " Parliamentary county " shall be substituted for " parliamentary borough."

(6.) " Clerk of the peace " shall, subject as in this Act mentioned, be substituted for ""town clerk, " save where the context requires a reference to the town clerk of a municipal borough, (c.) Section nine of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, shall apply only to the publication of notices within parishes situate wholly or partly in an urban sanitary district and not in a parliamentary borough.

(d.) Section sixteen of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, shall not apply to parliamentary counties, except so far as relates to the registration of persons entitled to vote in respect of a lodger qualification.

(e.) Section twenty-one of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, shall not apply to parliamentary counties.

(/.) Any notice required to be given to the town clerk by section twenty-seven of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, relating to the withdrawal and revival of objections, shall be given in a parliamentary county to the overseers, and not to the clerk of the peace.

29

Extension to V county voters" of borough system of registration.

(1.) Occupation voters.

(2.) Ownership voters.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 26.

(3.) Modifications.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 26.

30 Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885. 48 Vice

Adaptation of Acts as regards lists of county voters.

J

Alteration of dates.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 18.

Amendments as to revision.

2. — (1.) For the purpose of the enactments relating to the registration of voters the lists of occupation voters in a parliamentary-county shall be deemed to be part of the list of voters in that county, and [any person whose name appears in the list of voters may object to the name of any other person therein, in like manner as if he were on the register of voters for the county.^,

(2.) In the list of voters and register of voters in ai parliamentary county there shall be separate lists of —

(a.) ownership voters;

(6.) occupation voters other than lodgers; and

(c.) lodgers.

3. — (1.) In both parliamentary counties and parliamentary boroughs notices of claims and objections shall be given on or before the twentieth day of August, and the twentieth day shall be substituted in the Parliamentary Registration Acts for the twenty-fifth day of August wherever the same occurs.

(2.) The overseers shall, in both parliamentary counties and parliamentary boroughs, on or before the twenty-fifth day of August publish the lists of claims and objections, and deliver to the clerk of the peace and town clerk respectively the papers mentioned in sections nine and nineteen of the Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843; and the twenty-fifth day of August shall be substituted in the Parliamentary Registration Acts for the twenty-ninth day of August and for the first day of September wherever those dates respectively occur, and the first fourteen days after the said twenty-fifth day of August shall be substituted for the first fourteen days of September.

4. — (1.) The court for the revision of the lists of voters in a parliamentary county may be held within the same period within which a court may bie held for the revision of the lists of voters in a parliamentary borough, and seven days notice of each court shall be sufficient.

(2.) All declarations made in pursuance of section ten of the 28 & 29 Vict. County Voters Registration Act, 1865, shall be transmitted to the c' 36‘ clerk of the peace on or before the twelfth day of September, and

such declarations shall be open to inspection, and copies thereof shall be sold, on any day prior to the first day on which a court for the revision of the lists of voters in a parliamentary county can be held.

(3.) Where a place in a parliamentary county at which a revising barrister for such county is required to hold a court, is an urban sanitary district containing, according to the last published census for the time being, more than ten thousand inhabitants, the revising barrister shall hold at least one evening sitting of his court in such <!67o 37 V ct P^ce, and section four of the Revising Barristers Act, 1873, shall apply to such sitting with the substitution of clerk of the peace for town clerk.

(4.) When it appears to the local authority having power to assign polling places in a parliamentary county that, for the convenience of the voters in some polling district in such county, it is expedient to direct the holding of a revision court in a town near such polling district, although outside the boundary of the said

1885.

Jtegistration Act, 1885. Ch. 15.

31

county, the said authority may direct the revising barrister for the county to hold a revision court in such town.

(5.) Thence vising barrister need not insert in any list of voters for a parish in a county or borough the names of persons claiming to be inserted in such list, but may revise the list of claimants in % like manner as if it were a list of voters, and sign the same as so ' revised, and deliver it to the clerk of the peace or town clerk as the case requires, and such clerk shall insert in the proper place in the lists of voters the name of each person appearing from the revised list of claimants so signed to be entitled to vote.']

(6.) The revising barrister shall, if practicable, complete the revision of the lists of voters for the parishes in one polling district in a parliamentary county, and transmit the same to the clerk of the peace of the county, before proceeding to revise the lists of voters for any parish in another polling district.

(7.) The (clerk of the peace shall, as soon as possible, proceed to, cause copies of such lists to be printed^ and in numbering the names v shall prefix the number one to the first name in each polling district, so that there may be a separate series of numbers for each polling district, and such distinctive letter shall be applied to each polling district as may be determined by the local authority creating the polling district, or in default of such determination by the clerk of the peace; and in the cose of a poll such letter shall be deemed to be part of the number of the elector, to be marked in manner directed by the Ballot Act, 1872. 35 36 vict *

(8.) The perk of the peace shall, as soon as possible after tho \/ receipt of alTthe revised lists of his county, cause to be made out and printed a separate supplemental list for each polling district, '] ^containing the names of all persons whose names do not appear itr any list of voters for the parishes in such district, but who have been registered by the revising barrister as entitled to vote at the polling -place of such district; and such supplemental list shall be placed at the end of the parish lists in each polling district; and the names therein shall be numbered consecutively after the rest of the lists in such polling district. The clerk of the peace shall add at the end of the register of voters a summary of the number of voters in each polling district.

(9.) Sub-section fourteen of section twenty-eight of the Parlia- *1 & 42 Vict. mentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, shall not apply to c* 26‘ parliamentary counties, and in substitution for it the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a.) Where the name of a person appears to be entered more than once as a parliamentary voter on the lists of voters for the same parliamentary county, the revising barrister shall inquire whether such entries relate to the same person, and, on proof that such entries relate to the same person, shall retain one entry and erase the others.

(6.) The said person may select the entry to be retained by notice in writing delivered or sent by post to the revising barrister at or before the opening of the first court at which he revises any of the lists in which any of such entries appear, or by application made by such person or on his behalf at the time of the revision of the first of such lists.

ts

Provision as to doable entries in boroughs.

Saving as to registration of burgesses and voters in parishes in municipal boroughs.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885. 48 VICE.

(c.) If no selection is so made the entry to be retained shall be determined as follows:

(i) if one only of the entries is on the list of ownership voters, that entry shall be retained; and

(ii) if all or none of the entries are on the list of ownership voters, and one of the entries is the plaoa ef abode of the voter, the entry in respect of the place of abode shall be retained; and

(iii) in any other case the entry in that one of the lists which is first revised by the revising barrister shall be retained,

and if any such entry to be retained is objected to, the revising banister shall not finally erase any other entry until the objection to the entry to be retained has been determined by him in favour of the voter.

5. — (1.) Where a person is entered more than once as a parliamentary voter on the Hats of voters for the same parliamentary borough, and the revising barrister proceeds in pursuance -of subsection fourteen of section twenty-eight of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, to retain one of such entries for voting, and places against the others a note to the effect that such person is not entitled to vote in respect of the qualification therein contained, and such person has not selected the entry to be retained, the entry to be retained shall be determined as follows:

(a.) If one of the entries is on the list of freemen that entry shall be retained;

(6.) If neither of the entries is on the list of freemen, and one of the entries is the plaoe of abode of the voter, the entry in respect of the place of abode shall be retained; and

(c.) In any other case the entry in that one of the lists which is first revised by the revising barrister shall be retained; and if any such entry to be retained is objected to, the revising barrister shall not finally place a note against any other entry until the objection to the entry to be retained has been determined by him in favour of the voter.

(2.) Where a parliamentary borough is divided into divisions, and notwithstanding the said provisions of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, and this Act, the name of a person is entered in the register of parliamentary voters in more than one division in the said parliamentary borough without such note as above in this section mentioned, and one of those entries is his place of abode, he shall be entitled to vote only in that division in which he is registered as a voter in respect of his place of abode, and shall not vote in respect of any other entry.

6. — (1.) Subject to the exception herein-after mentioned, where a parish is situate in a municipal borough and not in a parliamentary borough, the registration of occupation voters shall be conducted in manner provided by the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, as applied by this Act, respecting the registration of occupation voters in a parish which is not situate in a municipal borough; and the enrolment of burgesses in the said municipal borough shall be conducted in manner provided by the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, with respect to municipal boroughs to which the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration

ie

.1885. Registration Act, 1885. Ch. 15. 33

Act, 1878, does not apply; and revising assessors shall continue to be elected in accordance with the Municipal Corporations Act,

1882, as amended by any Act of the present session with respect to municipal elections.

(2.) But where any part of the area of the Baid municipal "borough was immediately before the dissolution of this present Parliament included in the area of a parliamentary borough, and such parliamentary borough ceased after such dissolution to be a parliamentary borough, then the registration of occupation voters and the enrolment of burgesses in a parish in such municipal borough shall be conducted in like manner, so nearly as may be, as heretofore, and the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act,

1878, shall apply to the said municipal borough in like manner as heretofore, subject nevertheless as follows:

(a.) " Parliamentary county " shall, for the purpose df such application, be substituted for " parliamentary borough/ '

(5.) The lists and register of voters Bihall be made out alphabetically in like manner ns in the rest of the county, but the lists shall be framed in parts for polling districts and wards in such manner that the parts may be conveniently compiled or put together to serve as lists for polling districts or as ward lists.

(c.) The overseers of every pariah in such municipal borough shall send to the clerk of the peace for the parliamentary county two copies of the lists of voters at the same time at which they send copies to the town clerk, and the lists of voters for a parish in such borough when revised shall he transmitted by the revising barrister to such clerk of the peace, and dealt with by him as with other lists in his county, but, save as aforesaid, the town clerk of the municipal borough shall, until such transmission, act as and be deemed to be the town clerk within the meaning of the Parliamentary Registration Acts and this Act in relation to such parish, ami the <clerk of the peace shall not act in relation to the registration of occupation voters in such parish.

(cL) The lists of occupation voters and burgesses shall be revised by the revising barrister for the parliamentary county in which the municipal borough is situate, and if that borough extends into more parliamentary counties than one, then by the revising barrister for the parliamentary county in which the greater part in extent of such municipal borough is situate, and such revising barrister shall hold a court in the municipal borough.

7. — (1.) Clerks of the peace and town clerks shall send their clerks of the precepts to the overseers in the present year within twelve days peace and town after the passing of this Act, and in any subsequent year on or within clerk8, seven days before the fifteenth day of April.

(2.) Where a parliamentary county is co-extensive with or comprised in one county quarter sessional area, the clerk of the peace for that area shall, as regards such parliamentary county, be clerk of the peace for the county within the meaning of the Plarliamentary Registration Acts and this Act, subject nevertheless to the provisions of section one hundred and one of the Parliamentary Registra- 6 & 7 Vict. tion Act, 1843, with respect to the town clerk of the borough of c. 18.

34

Ch. 15.

Registration Act, 1885.

48 VICT.

Application of SO & 31 Vict. c. 102. s. 31. as to remune-

Newport, Isle of Wight, being deemed and taken to be clerk of the peace for the parliamentary county of the Isle of Wight.

(3.) Where a parliamentary county extends into more county quarter sessional areas than one, the clerk of the peace of each county quarter sessional area shall, in respect of each parish in such parliamentary county which is within his jurisdiction, act as and he deemed to he the clerk of the peace of the county within the meaning of the Parliamentary Registration Acts and this Act, until the lists of voters for such parish have been revised; but the revising barrister shall transmit the revised lists of voters for such parish to the clerk of the peace of the county quarter sessional area which comprises the largest part in extent of the said parliamentary county, and save as aforesaid, such last-mentioned clerk shall, as respects the said parliamentary county, act as, and be deemed to be sole clerk of the peace of the county for the purposes of the Parliamentary Registration Acts and this Act

8. Whereas by section thirty-one of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, it was provided that the word "expenses " in sections fifty-four and fifty-five of the Parliamentary Registration

ration of clerk* Act, 1843, should include and apply to all proper and reasonable of the peace. fee8 and charges of any clerk of the peace of any county, or of any town clerk of any city or borough to be thereafter made or charged by him in any year for his trouble, care, and attention in the performance of the services and duties imposed on him by the above-mentioned Acts:

And whereas doubts may arise as to whether the said section would extend to services and duties imposed upon him by the Representation of the People Act, 1884, or this Act, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted as follows:Section thirty-one of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, with respect to the remuneration of clerks of the peace and town clerks, shall extend to their duties under the Representation of the People Act, 1884, and this Act.

9. Where a parish is situate partly within and partly without the boundary of a parliamentary county, or of a parliamentary borough, or of a municipal borough, the burgesses of which are enrolled in accordance with the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, the Parliamentary Registration Acts and this Act shall apply as if the several parts of the parish divided by such boundaries were respectively separate parishes, and the overseers of the whole undivided parish were also the overseers of each such separate parish.

10. A ny person deemed to be an inhabitant occupier under section three of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, shall be qualified to be registered as if the provisions of that Act had been in force throughout the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and had been duly carried into effect.

n: a man entitled to be registered as a fifty pounds rental voter shall be registered as an occupation voter and not as an ownership voter^and shall be included in the expression "occupation voter " in this Act, and it shall be the duty of the overseers to insert the name of every fifty pounds rental voter in the list of occupation

48 & 49 Vict. c. 3.

Divided

parishes.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 26.

Special provisions as to voters in 1885.

Provision as to voters in respect of 50 rental.

35

1885. Registration Act, 1885. Ch. 15.

voters, and to add " objected " before the name of such voter in the portion of the register relating to ownership voters.

12. Whereas by section seven of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act. 1878, it is provided that every period of qualification for parliamentary voters in parliamentary boroughs which was then computed by reference to the last day of July should be computed by reference to the fifteenth day of JulyJand the said enactment extends to occupation voters in parliamentary counties, and it is expedient to extend the same enactment to all other voters in parliamentary counties (] Be it therefore enacted as follows:

Every period of qualification as defined by the said Act for any voter in a parliamentary county which is now computed by reference to the last day of July shall, instead of being so computed, be computed by reference to the fifteenth day of July.

13. — (1.) Where a parliamentary county is coextensive with or is comprised within one county quarter sessional area, the court of county quarter sessions having jurisdiction in that area shall be the local authority having power to divide such parliamentary county into polling districts within the meaning of the enactments relating to polling districts.

(2.) Where a parliamentary county extends into more county quarter sessional areas than one, the court of county quarter sessions for the area which comprises the largest part in extent of such parliamentary county, shall be the local authority having power to divide such parliamentary county into polling districts.

(3.) Where a parliamentary county extends into more county quarter sessional areas than one, the local authority having power to divide the said county into polling districts shall have power to agree with any other court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in that area for the constitution of a joint committee to take into consideration the division of such county into polling districts and assigning of polling places to such districts, and shall, after receiving the report of the said committee, make such order thereon as they may think fit.

(4.) The local authority having power to divide any parliamentary county or parliamentary borough into polling districts shall, not later than one month after the passing of this Act, take into consideration the division of such county or borough into polling districts, and, if necessary, in order to make the districts conform with the enactments relating to the division of counties and boroughs into polling districts, ! shall divide such county and borough, or any division of such borough, anew into polling districts, and (in a county) assign polling places to such districts, in such manner as shall make the districts so conform with the said enactments, measuring the distance therein mentioned along the nearest road, so as to meet the convenience! of electors in recording their votes.

(5.) A court of general sessions shall, where necessary for the purposes of this section, be assembled forthwith after the passing of this Act.

14. — (1.) Where any expenses have been incurred, either by the court of county quarter sessions of any county quarter sessional

Extension to freeholders of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 26. s. 7. as to the period of qualifica-

ti0V

As to constitution of polling districts.

As to expenses in case of

36

divided comity jurisdiction.

Repeal of 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 45. 8. 78.

Informations as to persons disqualified by parochial

relief.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 26.

Ch. 15. Registration' Act, 1885. 48 VICT.

area in dividing a parliamentary county into polling districts, or by the clerk of the peace of any county quarter sessional area under the Parliamentary Registration Acts, or this Act, and such expenses were incurred partly in respect of a locality which does, and partly in respect of a locality (whether a division, liberty, county of a town, or other locality) which does not, contribute to the county rate levied by the court of county quarter sessions of such county quarter sessional area, that court shall apportion, the expenses between the localities in the ratio, so nearly as may be, which the number of registered voters in each locality for the time being bear to each other, and the amount apportioned to any such non-contributing locality shall be defrayed out of the county rate or rate in the nature of a county rate levied in such locality; and an order of the said court of county quarter sessions, made on the treasurer or other officer receiving such rate, shall be obeyed by and may be enforced against such treasurer, as if he were the treasurer of the court of county quarter sessions making the order.

(2.) Where a. parliamentary borough is situate within the jurisdiction of more than one court of county quarter sessions, and by reason of there being no town council in such borough, the expenses of the town clerk under the Parliamentary Registration Acts and this Act are required to be allowed by the quarter sessions for the county in which such parliamentary borough is situate, such expenses-shall be allowed by the court of oounty quarter sessions within the jurisdiction of which the larger portion of such parliamentary borough in area is situate.

(3.), The receipts of any clerk of the peace under the Parliamentary Registration Acts shall be applied in aid of the rate which bears the expenses of such clerk, and if there is more than one such rate, then of each rate in the proportion in which the expenses are borne by such rates.

15. From and after the passing of this Act section seventy-eight of the Act of Parliament, passed in the second and third years of the reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter forty-five, shall he and the same is hereby repealed.

Provided that no person shall be prevented by any other Act from being registered as a parliamentary voter in respect of his occupation of any chambers or premises in any of the colleges or halls of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge.

16. Any person registered as a parliamentary voter in the register of voters for a parish may, by notice in writing delivered or sent to the clerk of the guardians for such parish, or for the union containing such parish, require such clerk to send to him a list giving the names and addresses, as appearing in the books of the guardians and their officers, either of all men of full age, or of all persons who have, during the period specified in the notice, received out of the rates administered by such guardians, either parochial relief or outdoor parochial relief, and at the time of receiving such relief were recorded as resident in the said parish or union, and the clerk of the guardians, on payment of fees after the rate allowed by the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, for returns by registrars of births and deaths, shall send the list with such of the said particulars as are specified in the notice, and the

CB. 15.

37

. 1886.. Rogi$h'(dion Act, 1885.

relieving officers of the guardians shall give the clerk the information he requires for that purpose, and shall receive from the clerk a reasonable remuneration for so doing, and if any clerk or relieving officer refuses or fails to comply with this section he shall be deemed guilty of a wilful act of commission or omission within the meaning of section ninety-seven of the Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843. 6 & 7 Vict.

IT. The Acts mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act shall Re ea] to the extent in. the third column of that Schedule mentioned be repealed' without prejudice to anything done in pursuance thereof before the passing of this Act.

18. The forms and instructions contained in the second and third Enactment of schedules to this Act shall be used and observed in all cases to which they apply, and shall be substituted in all' such cases for the 18 lct* forms, instructions, and directions contained in the schedules to the 28 & 29 Vict. Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843, the County Voters Registra- 2* v. tion Act, 1865, the Representation of the People Act, 1867, the <!. 102. w Parliamentary and Municipal 'Registration Act, 1878, and the 41 & 42 Vict. Representation of the People Act, 1884, but a disregard ' of any 49 vict form or instruction shall not of itself invalidate any list, notice, or c. 8. other thing.

1$. In. this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, - — Definition*.

The expression "ownership voter"* means a. person entitled to vote in respect of the ownership of property, whether of freehold, leasehold, or copyhold tenure.

The expression "fifty pounds rental voter" means a person who on the sixth day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four was registered as a voter for a county in pursuance of section twenty of the Reform Act, 1832, in respect of the 2 & 8 Will. 4. occupation of any land or tenement for which he was bona fide c*35' liable to a yearly rent of not leas than fifty pounds, and who continues by virtue of section ten of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, to be entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of such occupation.

The expression "occupation voter " means, as regards a parliamentary county, a person entitled to vote in respect of any qualification conferred by the Representation of the People Act, 1884, and as regards a parliamentary borough means a person entitled to vote in respect of any qualification, conferred by section five of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, or in respect of a household qualification or a lodger qualification as defined by that Act.

The expression "Parliamentary Registration Acts "* means the Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843, and the Parliamentary and 6 & 7 Vict. Municipal Registration Act, 1878, inclusive of any Acts and enact- c*18-ments amending the said Acts, or otherwise relating to revising 412^42 Vict' barristers or to the registration of voters, and of any Acts and enactments relating to rating in so far as they are auxiliary to or deal with the registration of voters.

The expression "parliamentary county" means a county returning a member or members to serve in Parliament, and where a county is divided for the purpose of such return means a division of such county.

38 Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885. 48- Vict.

The expression "court of county quarter sessions" means the justices in general or quarter sessions assembled for any county at large, or riding, or parts of a county at large having a separate commission of the peace and a separate court of quarter sessions, and includes the justices in general or quarter sessions assembled for the Isle of Ely.

The expression "county quarter sessional area" means the area of the jurisdiction as extended by this Act of any court of county quarter sessions, and includes the Isle of Ely; and save as aforesaid, for the purposes of this Act every liberty, county of a city, or county of a town which for the purposes of parliamentary elections forms part of any county at large, riding, or parts shall be deemed to be within the jurisdiction of the court of county quarter sessions and clerk of the peace of such county at large, riding, or parts.

The expression "clerk of the peace for a county quarter sessional area" means the clerk of the peace for such county at large, riding, or parts as aforesaid, and includes the clerk of the peace for the Isle of Ely.

Other expressions in this Act have, unless the context otherwise requires, the same meaning as in the Parliamentary Registration Acts.

Extent and 20. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland, and may be hOTt title of cited for all purposes as the Registration Act, 1885.

SCHEDULES.

Section 17. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Part repealed.

6 Vict. c. 18. > The Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843. Section forty. Schedule A.

28 & 29 Vict 29 Vict. c. 36. The ConntyVoters Registration Act, 1865. Section four. | Section five. 1 Section twelve*:Schedule A.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. The Representation of the People Act, 1867. So much of section thirty as relates to persons entitled to vote for a county in respect of the occupation of premises other than lodgings.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 58. The Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1868. Section seventeen. Section nineteen.

Section 18. SECOND SCHEDULE.

INSTRUCTIONS AND FORMS FOR COUNTIES. Instructions to Clerks op the Peace.

I. Where a parish or township is wholly situate in a parliamentary borough which will at the next general election return a member or mem-

1885. Registration Act, 1885. Ch. 15.

hers to serve in Parliament, or in a municipal borough the whole or part of the area of which was comprised in the area of a parliamentary borough which after the dissolution of the Parliament existing in January in one thousand eight hundred and eighty-fiwB ceases to be a parliamentary borough, the clerk of the peace will omit from his precept and the forms sent to the overseers of such parish or township such parts of the following form of precept and other forms as relate to occupation voters, that is to say, in the precept, paragraphs 3 to 8, 13, 16, 17, 18, 23 to 25, 27 to 29, 34, 37, 41, 42, and so much of paragraphs 1, 33, 38, 39, 43, 44, 45, 46, and 47 as is between asterisks, and Part II. of the forms.

In the year 1885 the clerk of the peace will omit so much of the precept as relates to the old lodgers list and the forms relating to that list.

If there is no corrupt and illegal practices list the clerk of the peace will omit from the precept and forms all parts relating to it.

2. Where a parish or township is situate partly within and partly without the boundary —

(a.) of a parliamentary borough which will at the next general election return a member or members to serve in Parliament; or

(5.) of a municipal borough, the whole or part of the area of which was comprised in the area of any such former parliamentary borough as above mentioned,

each such part of a parish is deemed to be a separate parish for the purpose of the precept and these forms, and the clerk of the peace must send to the overseers of such parish or township two precepts, as if that portion of the parish which is within the said boundary were a separate parish from the portion without the said boundary, and must inform the overseers that the lists of all the voters for each of the said portions must be made out separately, and that any reference in either precept to the parish or township means only that portion of the parish or township which is situate inside or outside the said boundary, as the case may be.

3. Where a parish or township is situate in more than one division of a county or in more than one polling district, the clerk of the peace must inform the overseers of such parish or township that the lists of voters for the portion of the parish or township within each division or polling district must be made out separately.

4. The clerk of the peace will send to the overseers of every parish or township such number of copies of the register of voters for the parish or township as are sufficient to comply with the provisions of the precept as to publication, and a copy of each of the following forms for ownership voters, namely, ownership Forms No. 2, No. 3, and No. 6; and a sufficient number of copies of the corrupt and illegal practices list, if any; and when forms relating to occupation voters are sent, a copy of each of the following forms for occupation voters, Form A., Form B., Form C., No. 1 and No. 2, Form D., No. 3, Form E., No. I, Form K., No. 1 and No. 2, and Form L., No. 1 and No. 2.

5. Each entry for voting on the parliamentary register of every county or division is to be distinguished by a number, either alone or in combination with a letter distinguishing the polling district in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

6. Where the name of a person is entered on any list of voters for a parish, and such person is registered by the revising barrister as entitled to-vote in a polling district, other than the polling district comprising 6uch parish, such entry shall in the register be denoted by an asterisk, and no number is to be prefixed to the name of such person in such entry.

Schedule

48 Vict.

40

Schedule 2.

CH. 15.

Ownership

voters.

Occupation

voters.

- General qualifications.

Fifty pounds rental qualification.

Registration Act, 1885. Fobh No. 1.

FORM OF PRECEPT OF THE CLERK OF THE PEACE TO THE OVERSEERS.

Registration of Cocntt Voters.

County of 1 To the overseers of* the poor of the parish of

to wit* j [or of the township of ].

In pursuance of the provisions of the Acts of Parliament in that behalf, I require your attention to the following instructions respecting the registration of county voters.

Part I. of this precept informs you generally of the persons entitled to be registered as voters, and of the meaning of the expressions used m this precept, and also as to the mode in which you are to make out and publish the lists.

Part IL gives you in order of time the several matters which you are required to do.

PART L

General Instructions explaining the Persons entitled to be

REGISTERED, THE MEANING OF THE EXPRESSIONS USED, AND THE

mode of Making (Hit and Publishing the Lists.

Definitions.

1. This precept relates to the registration of parliamentary voters for your county [or division].* There are two classes of persons entitled to be registered: first, ownership voters j and, secondly, occupation voters.

2. In this precept —

(a.) The expression "ownership voters" means persons entitled to be registered as voters in respect of an ownership qualification; that is to say, of the ownership of property, whether of freehold, leasehold, or copyhold tenure, and does not include fifty pounds rental voters.

(6.) The expression "ownership portion of the register" means the portion, of the register of. voters which contains the names of persons entitled to vote in respect of an ownership qualification in'your parish.

[or township]..

(c.) The expression "list of ownership, claimants" means the list to be made by you of persons who, on or before the twentieth day of July next shall have claimed to vote in respect of an ownership qualification in your parish [or township].

3. In this precept the expression M occupation voters" means persons entitled to be registered as voters in respecTof

[fa.) a fifty pounds rental qualification as hereafter defined in paragraph 5 of this precept;

(5.) a ten pounds occupation qualification as hereafter defined in paragraph 6 of this precept; or . (c.) a household qualification as hereafter defined in paragraph 7 of this precept; or

(d.) a lodger qualification as hereafter defined in paragraph 8 of this precept..___j

Every person entitled to be registered as an ownership voter or an occupation voter mnst be a man of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity, and must not at any time during the twelve months immediately^ preceding the fifteenth day of July next have received any parochial relief.

5. A person entitled to be registered os a voter in respect of a fifty pounds rental qualification- —

I (a)must on the fifteenth day of July next be^an occupier as tenant of

L some land or tenement for which he is bona fide liable to a yearly rent of not less than fifty, pounds; and

1885.

Registration 1885. Ch. 15;

4t

(6) mart have occupied such land or tenement for the whole of the Scheduler 2. twelve months immediately preceding the fifteenth day of July next; and

(<?) must hove been registered as a voterin respect of the said occupation in the1 register of voters in force during the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-fonr., J If two or more persons jointly are such occupiers as above- mentioned, and the rent is such as to give fifty pounds or more for each occupier, each such occupier, if he was registered in respect of the said occupation as aforesaid in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, is entitled to be registered as a voter.

6. A person, entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a ten Ten ponnds pouffida occupation qualification — occupation

I(a.)must on the fifteenth day of July next be, and during the whole qualification, twelve months immediately preceding that day have been, an occupier, as owner or tenant, of some land or tenement in your parish [or township] of the dear yearly value of not less than ten pounds; and (6.) such person, or someone else, must during those twelve months have been rated to all poor rates made in respect of such land or tenement; and

(c.) all sums due in respect of the said land or tenement on account of any poor rate made and allowed during the twelve months immediately preceding the fifth day of January last mast have been paid on or before the twentieth day of J uiy next A If two or more persons, jointly, are sufcn occupiers as above mentioned, and the clear yearly value of the land or tenement is such as to give tan pounds or more for each occupier, two of such occupiers are entitled to be registered as voters; but no more are so entitled (unless they derived the property by descent, succession, marriage, marriage settlement, or devise, or) See 30 & 31 unless they are bona fide engaged as partners carrying on trade or business Vict. c. 102. thereon, in any of which cases all may be registered, if the clear yearly value 8* 27 is sufficient to give ten pounds for each occupier.

If a person has occupied different lands or tenements in your division [or county] of the requisite value in immediate succession during the said twelve months he is entitled in respect of the occupation thereof to be registered as a voter in the parish [or township] in which the last occupied land or tenement is situate.

?.. A person entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a household Household qualification — qualification.

\ (a.) must on the fifteenth day of July next be, and for the whole twelve ^"months immediately preceding that day (except the time (if any) not exceeding four months during which he has permitted the house to be occupied as a furnished house), have been, an inhabitant occupier of some dwelling-house in your parish [or township], or of seme part of a house separately occupied as a dwelling; and (5.) such person, or some one else must during those twelve months have been rated to all poor rates made in respect of the said dwelling-house; and

(c.) all sums due in respect of the said dwellingrbouse on account of any poor rate made and allowed during the twelve months immediately preceding the fifth day of January last must have- been paid on or before the twentieth day of July next. ^J If two or more persona are joint occupiers of a dwelling-house no one of them is entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a household qualification in respect thereof, though if the value is sufficient, one or more of them may be entitled under paragraph 6 above.

If a person has occupied different dwelling-houses in your division [or county] in immediate succession during the said twelve months he is entitled in respect of the occupation thereof to be registered as a voter in

42

Schedule 2.

Lodgers qualification.

Ch. 15.

Registration Act, 1885.

48 Vict.

Alphabetical

order.

Entry of names, &c.

Entry of nature of qualification.

Entry of qualifying property.

the parish [or township] in which the last occupied dwelling-house is situate.

If a person inhabits a dwelling-house by virtue of any office, service, or employment, and the dwelling-house is not inhabited by any person under whom such man serves in such office, service, or employment, he is to be considered as an inhabitant occupier of that dwelling-house.

8. A person entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a lodger qualification —

I (a.) must have claimed to be registered; and

' ~tb.) must have occupied separately as a lodger for the whole twelve months immediately preceding the fifteenth day of July next, lodgings, being part of one and the same dwelling-house in your parish [or township], and being of a clear yearly value, if let unfurnished, of ten pounds or upwards; and

(c.) must have resided in such lodgings during the said twelve monthsTO

If two or more persons are joint lodgers, and the value of the lodgings is such as to give ten pounds or more for each lodger, two of such persons but no more are entitled to be registered as voters.

If a person has occupied different lodgings of the requisite value in the game house in immediate succession, he is entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of the occupation thereof.

Mode of making out IMU.

0. Each list must be made out in alphabetical order.

10. In making out the lists of voters you are to state the surname and other name or names of each person at full length, the surname being placed first.

11. In making out the list of claimants the surname and other names of every claimant, with the place of his abode, the nature of his qualification, and either the locality or other description of the qualifying property, or the name of the occupying tenant, must be entered in the list according as the same is stated in the claim.

12. In every list the place of abode should be entered with the name (if any) of the street, lane, or other locality, and the number (if any) in such street, lane, or other locality, and 6uch entry should be made in all cases in such a manner as will afford a full and sufficient address for a person entered, if a letter is addressed to him by post.

13. In the case of occupation voters the nature of the qualification should be entered as nearly as possible in the words of the statute conferring the franchise, for instance: —

(a.) The nature of the fifty pounds rental qualification or ten pounds occupation qualification of a person should be stated thus, " tenement " or " land," or " land and tenement," or, in the case of a joint occupation, " tenement (joint) " or " land (joint), " or, in the case of successive occupation, " tenement (successive) " or " land ^successive) ":

(b.) The nature of a household qualification should be stated thus, " dwelling-house," or in the case of successive occupation, M dwelling-house (successive)."

Where the same property constitutes both a ten pounds occupation qualification and a household qualification the nature of the qualification should be entered as " dwelling-house."

If the description indicates the nature of the qualification, as, for instance, if a ten pounds occupation qualification consists of a house and is entered as a dwelling-house, such description will be sufficient.

Any description of the nature of the qualification further than that above mentioned is superfluous and should not be given.

14. The description of any qualifying property should specify the name and situation of that property, and for that purpose should state either the name (if any) of the street, lane, or other locality, and the number (if any).

1885.

Registration, 1885. Ch. 15.

43

Schedule 2.

Several qualifications. Omissions of dead and disqualified.

fOmit (</.) where there is no corrupt and illegal practices list.

Objections in old lodgers list.

Registrars

returns.

in such street, lane, or other locality, or the name of the occupying tenant; and the description of the qualifying property should in all cases be such as will afford full and sufficient means of identifying such property.

15. Where several qualifications are possessed by the same person, the particulars respecting each qualification should be stated in the list.

16. You should omit from the occupiers list (mentioned in paragraph thirty-four, sub-paragraph (c), of this precept) the name of any person —

(a.) whom from the returns furnished by the registrar of births and deaths or from your own knowledge you know to be dead; or

(5/1 who is not qualified by reason of the nonpayment of rates; or

(<?.) who is disqualified by reason of having received parochial relief; or f(d.) whose name is entered in the corrupt and illegal practices list.f

17. In making out the old lodgers list (mentioned in paragraph thirty-four, sub-paragraph (5), of this precept), if you have reason to believe that any person whose name is entered on that list is dead, or is not entitled to be registered, you should make a note to that effect in the maigin of the list.

18. The registrars of births and deaths are required to send to you periodically returns of the names and residences of all male persons of full age dying within your parish [or township], and you must examine those returns to see whether any person who otherwise would appear in the list of voters is dead, and you are to pay the registrar, as part of your expenses connected with registration, a fee of twopence for each return, and a further fee of twopence for every death entered in such returns.

Publication and Inspection,

19. The manner in which you are required to publish the ownership Publication of portion of the register and the lists, notices, and documents, directed by list8»

this precept to be published is as follows; (that is to say,) you are to fix a copy thereof (each copy being first signed by you) —

Hta.) on or near the outside of the outer door or of the outer wall near ' the door of every church and public chapel in your parish f township], including chapels which do not belong to the Established Church; or

(5.) if there is no such church or chapel, then in some public or conspicuous situation in your parish [or township]; and

(c.) if your parish [or township] is wholly or partly situate in an urban sanitary district and not in a parliamentary borough, then in or near every public or municipal or parochial office in your parish [or township], and (having first obtained the authority of the local postmaster, or if he refuses, of the Postmaster-General,) in some public and conspicuous position in or near every post office and telegraph office occupied by or on behalf of the Postmaster-General.

20. Everything so published must remain there during a period in-eluding two consecutive Sundays at least next after the first day of publication, and if you find any portion of a register, list, notice, or other document published by you in pursuance of this precept to be destroyed, mutilated, defaced, or removed, you are forthwith to place another to the same effect in its place.

21. Where this precept directs you during any period to allow any copy Inspection and of a portion of a register, list, notice, or other document to be open to delivery of public inspection, and to deliver copies thereof, you will permit such copy, coPies *

list, notice, or document to be perused by every person desirous of perusing it, at any time between the hours of ten of the clock in the forenoon and four of the clock in the afternoon of any day, except Sunday, during the said period, without payment or demand of any fee; and you are also to deliver a written or printed copy of it, signed by you, to every person applying for the same during the said period, on payment of a price for such copy aftdr the following rate: —

L/

44 Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885. 48. Vict.

Schedule &. For any list or copy of a list containing any number of persons names —

s. <t.

Not exceeding 100 names - - 0 6

Exceeding 100 and not exceeding 200 - - 1 0.

Exceeding 200 and not exceeding 800 - - 1 <6

Exceeding 300 and not exceeding 400 - - 2 0

Exceeding 400 - - - 2 6

22. You must allow any person who is 'registered as a parliamentary voter for your division [or county] to inspect rat all reasonable crimes, free of charge^ —

(a) the books containing the poor rates made for your parish [or township] within the last two years, and to make a oopy of or take an extract from such bookB; and

(5) the returns of deaths sent to you by the registrars of births and deaths.

PART II.

Things to be done in Odder of Pate.

Notices and.

April and May. 28. In the months of April and May, or one of them, yon are to inquire 111 or asoerta with respect to all property in your parish [or-township] which

maybe" comprises any dwelling-house (including under the term any part of a house omitted. separately occupied as a dwelling), whether any man, other than the

owner or other person rated or liable to be rated in respect of such property is entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a household qualification by reason of his being an inhabitant , occupier of such dwelling-house, and you are to enter in the rate book in a separate column, added for the purpose, the name of every man so entitled and the situation or description of the dwelling-house in respect of which he is entitled.

If any property, whether by reason of belonging to the Crown or otherwise, is not rated, you must act under this paragraph in the same manner as if it were rated.

24. For the purpose of your inquiry you are at liberty to serve on any person who is the occupier or rated or liable to be rated in respect of any property, or on some agent of such person concerned in the management of such property, a requisition according to the form marked A. among the forms sent herewith. You may serve the requisition by giving it to the person by whom it is to be observed, or by leaving it at his last or usual place of abode or with some person on the property, and in case no such person can be found, then by affixing the requisition in some conspicuous part of the property; and where the property is occupied by a company or other body of persons you may serve the requisition on the secretary or agent of the company or body of persons; and if the property belongs to the Crown or is not rated, you may serve it on the chief local officer having the superintendence or control of the property. A person who fails to comply with the requisition is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine of forty shillings.

25. In making the inquiries directed by the last two paragraphs you will observe the following directions: —

(a) if you know that any man who is not rated has occupied a dwelling-house since the fifteenth day of July last you should enter the name of that man in the rate book as mentioned in paragraph twenty-three of this precept, without serving any requisition on the occupier or other person rated.

(5) you should not serve the requisition on the occupier or owner of any property unless you have reasonable ground to believe that there is some inhabitant occupier of such property, who is entitled to vote, besides the person on whom the requisition is served.

1885.

Registration Act, 1885. Ch. 15.

26. On or before the twentieth day of Jane next yon are to publish Scheduled, in manner directed by paragraph 19 of this precept the ownership portion 20th June, (bat not any other portion) of the register for yonr parish [or township] a

copy of which is sent herewith, together with a notice, signed by you, according to the form marked Do. 2, among the printed forms sent herewith, but such copy-and notice are not to-remain published after the twenty-fifth day of July next.

27. On or before the twentieth day of June next yon are to publish, in 20th June, manner directed fay paragraph 19 of this precept, a notice signed by you according to the form marked B. among the printed forms sent herewith.

28. Where any sum on account of a poor rate made and allowed during 20th Jane, the twelve months next before the fifth day of January last is on the first day of June next due in respect of any property in your parish [or township] capable of conferring the franchise for the said county in respect of a ten pounds ooenpation or household qualification, you are, an or before the . twentieth day of June next, to give to every occupier of that property a notice (m the Form C. (No. 1) sent herewith), by delivering it to such occupier, or leaving it at his last or usual place of abode, or with some person on the property in respect of which the rate is payable, and in case no such person can be found, then by-affixing the notice upon some conspicuous part of such property.

Teu need not give this notice if the rate haB been previously duly demanded of such occupier by a demand note served in the like manner as the last-mentioned notice, but yon must serve the notice on every occupier of that property who will, if the rate is paid, be entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of the occupation thereof.

29. If the sum due on account of poor rate as above mentioned in respect 22nd July, of any property is not paid on or before the twentieth day of July next, all occupiers of that property are disqualified from being entered in any list of occupation voters; and on or before the twenty-second day of July next

yon are to make out (m the Form C. No. (2) sent herewith) a list containing the name <of every person so disqualified; and you are to keep that list and, during the first fourteen days after the said twenty-second day of .July, are to allow it to be open to public inspection, and to deliver copies thereof in accordance with paragraph 21 of this precept.

30. On or before the twenty-fifth day of July next you will remove the 25th July, copy of the register published as directed by paragraph 26 of this precept.

31. On or before the last day of July next you are to ascertain from the 31st July, relieving officer acting for your parish [or township] the names of all persons

who are disqualified from being inserted in the lists of voters for your parish [or township], by reason of having received parochial relief, and the relieving officer upon your application is bonnd to produce to yon at such place in your parish [or township] and at such times as are required by you the books in his possession, containing the names of such persons.

List* of Voters.

32. On or before the last day of July next you are to make out, in 31st Jfoly. manner directed by paragraphs 9 to 15 of this precept, the list of ownership claimants, that is to say, a list (in the form No. 3 sent herewith) of all persons who, on or before the twentieth day of July next, have delivered

or sent to you or any one of you their claims to be registered as county voters in respect of an Ownership qualification, situate wholly or in part within your parish [or township].

33. On or before the last day of July next you are to add on the margin 31st July, of one copy of the ownership portion of the register for your parish [or township] sent herewith, and on the margin of the list of ownership claimants, the word "objected " before the name of every person therein

whom you have reasonable cause to believe to be not entitled to be registered in the ownership portion of the new register about to be made, and

46

Schedule 2.

31st July.

Sub.-Par. (6.) does not apply in 1885, and must be omit* ted, and the language of the previous part of the paragraph must be altered accordingly, and Form D. (No. 3) need not he sent.

1st August.

1st August.

* Omit in 1885.

f If there is no corrupt and illegal practices list, the paragraph and words relating to it must be omitted.

25th August.

Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885. 48 VICT.

the word " dead " before the name of every person therein whom you have reason from the returns sent by the registrars of births and deaths or from your own knowledge to believe to be dead.

If it appears to you that any person is entered in the ownership portion of the register for your purish [or township] in respect of a fifty pounds rental qualification you will add the word "objected " before the name of such person, and will insert his name in the occupiers list.

34. On or before the last day of July next you are to make out in manner directed by paragraphs 9 to 17 of this precept the following lists of voters: —

(a.) The occupiers list, that is to say, a list (in the Form E. No. 1 sent herewith) of all persons entitled by reason of the occupation of property situate wholly or partly within your parish [or township] to be registered as voters in respect of a fifty pounds rental, a ten pounds occupation, or a household qualification as defined in paragraphs 5, 6, and 7 of this precept; and

(b.) The old lodgers list, that is to say, a list (in the Form D. (No. 3) sent herewith) of all persons who, being on the register of voters now in force for your division [or county] in respect of residence in lodgings within your parish [or township] have, on or before the twenty-fifth day of July next, given or caused to be given to you, or any one of you, claims to have their names inserted in the lists of voters in respect of residence in the same lodgings.

35. On or before the first day of August next you are to sign one of the copies of the ownership portion of the register for your parish [or township] sent herewith, and the said list of ownership claimants, and to cause a sufficient number of copies of such list to be written or printed, and to publish the said portion of the register with your marginal additions and the said list signed by you in your parish [or township] in manner directed by paragraph 19 of this precept.

36. You are also to keep a copy signed by you of the said list, and a copy of the ownership portion of the register, with your marginal additions thereon signed by you, and during the first fourteen days after you have published them are to allow them to be open to public inspection, and to deliver copies thereof in accordance with paragraph 21 of this precept.

37. On or before the first day of August next you are to sign the occupiers list *and old lodgers list* (if any) and to cause a sufficient number of copies of such lists to be written or printed, and to publish the said lists signal by you in your parish [or township] in manner directed by paragraph 19 of this precept.

38. fYou are also to publish the corrupt and illegal practices list which is sent herewith, at the same time and in the same manner as you publish the list of ownership claimants, *and also at the same time and in the same manner as you publish the occupiers and old lodgers lists.

39. You are to keep a written or printed copy of* each of the occupiers and old lodgers lists (if any) which you have made, signed by you, f and also of* the corrupt and illegal practices list, f and during the first fourteen days after the publication thereof are to allow them to be open to public inspection, and to deliver copies thereof in accordance with paragraph 21 of this precept.

Claims and.

40. On or before the twenty-fifth day of August next you are to make out (in accordance with paragraphs 9 to 15 of this precept, and according to the Form No. 6 sent herewith) a list of ownership voters objected to that is to say, a list containing the name of every person whose name is entered in the ownership portion of the register or list of ownership claimants, against whom a notice of objection has been given to you or any one of you, on or before the twentieth day of August next.

47

1885. Registration Act, 1885. Ch. 15.

41. On or before the twenty-fifth day of August next you are also to Schedule 2. make out (in accordance with paragraphs 9 to 17 of this precept and 25th August, according to the Form L. sent herewith) occupiers and lodgers objection

lists, that is to say, lists containing the name of every person against whom a notice of objection has been given to you, or any one of you, on or before the twentieth day of August next, as not being entitled to have his name retained in the occupiers list or old lodgers list for your parish [or township], giving in separate lists the objections made to —

(a.) any person on the occupiers list; and (5.) any person on the old lodgers list.

42. On or before the twenty-fifth day of August next you are to make 25th August, out (in accordance with paragraphs 9 to 17 of this precept and according to

the Form K. sent herewith) occupiers and lodgers claim lists, that is to say, lists containing the name of every person who has given or caused to be given to you, or any one of you, on or before the twentieth day of August next, notice of his claim to be registered in any list of voters for your parish [or township] in respect of a fifty pounds rental, ten pounds occupation, household, or lodger qualification, making separate lists of —

(a.) persons claiming to be registered in the occupiers list; and (5.) persons claiming to be registered as lodgers but not comprised in the old lodgers list.

43. On or before the twenty-fifth day of August next you are to sign and 25th August, publish in the manner directed by paragraph 19 of this precept a copy of

the list made by you in pursuance of paragraph 40 of this precept, and of every list made by you in pursuance of paragraphs 41 and 42 of this precept.

44. You are to keep a copy of *each* such list signed by you, and during the fourteen days next after the twenty-fifth day of August next are to allow the same, and also the original notices of claims and objections, to be open to public inspection, and to deliver copies thereof, in accordance with paragraph 21 of this precept.

45. On or before the twenty-fifth day of August next you are to deliver 25th August, to me —

(a.) the list of ownership claimants signed by you;

(5.) the copy of the ownership portion of the register (sent herewith), with your marginal additions signed by you;

(c.) a copy of the list of ownership votersfobjected to, signed by you;

* (d.) two copies of the occupiers and old lodgers lists; and (c.) a copy of each of the occupiers and lodgers claim and objection lists so made out and signed by you as aforesaid.

46. You are also to make lists of persons claiming to be omitted from Omit this para-the corrupt and illegal practices list (sent herewith), and of persons objected graph if there to on the ground that they are omitted from the corrupt and illegal practices JJncorrupt or list, and you will deal with such lists, claims, and objections m the same

manner in all respects —

(a.) if the person is on the ownership portion of the register, or on the list of ownership claimants, as is directed by paragraphs 32, 33, 40,

43, 44, and 45 of this precept, respecting claims and objections in relation to an ownership qualification*; and (5.*) in any other case as is directed by paragraphs 41 to 45 of this precept respecting claims and objections in relation to the list3 of occupation voters, but any list made under this paragraph must be kept separate from any other list.

Attendance upon Revising Barrister.

47. You are to attend the court to be holden by the revising barrister for September, the revision of the lists of voters for your parish [or township]; and notice

will be sent you of the time and place of holding such court.

D

48

Schedule 2.

Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

You are, at such court, to deliver to the revising barrister holding it the following documents, —

(a.) all the original notices of claims and objections received by you; (6.)* the occupiers and old lodgers lists;

(c.) the occupiers and lodgers claim and objection lists made out and signed by you; and *

(d.) all notices of the withdrawal or revival of objections received by you,

* and you are there to produce the rate books of your parish [or township] containing the poor rates made and allowed during the period between the 5th day of January in last year and the 15th day of July next.

If you fall to comply with this precept you will be liable to the penalties in that case provided.

Given under my hand this day of

(Signed) A.B.

Clerk of the peace for the county of

GENERAL FORMS.

Part I.

Forms for Ownership Voters.

Note. — The following forms No. 2 to No. 7 refer only to ownership voters.

Form No. 2.

Notice as to Ownership Claims to be given by the Overseers.

We hereby give notice, that all persons entitled to be registered as parliamentary voters for the [division of the] county of

in respect of the ownership (whether freehold, copy-hold, or leasehold) of any property situate wholly or in part within this parish [or township], who are not upon the register of voters now in force, or who, being upon the register, do not retain the same qualification or continue in the same place of abode as described in such register, and who are desirous to have their names inserted in the register of voters about to be made for the said county [or division], are hereby required to give or send to us or any of us, on or before the twentieth day of July in this year, a notice in writing signed by them, in which their name and surname at full length, their place of abode, and the particulars of their qualification, must be legibly written, according to the form hereunder set forth.

Any person who is upon the present register in respect of such ownership of property as above mentioned may also make his claim, if he thinks fit; but it is not necessary that he should do so if he has the same qualification and place of abode now described in the register.

Dated this day of June in the year

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish C.D.)[or township] of

Form of Notice of Claim to be given to Overseers by Claimants in respect of Ownership.

To the overseers of the parish [or township] of

I hereby give you notice, that I claim to be inserted in the list of parliamentary voters for the [division of the] county of

1885. Registration Act, 1885. Ch. 15.

and that the particulars of my place of abode and qualification are stated in Schedule 2. the columns below.

Dated the day of in the year

(Signed) G.H.

Name of the Claimant at full Length, the Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

Note. — The description should specify the street, lane, or other like place in the parish [or township] (if any), and number of house (if any), where the property is situate, or name of the property, if known by any, or name of the occupying tenant; or if the qualification consists of a tithe rent-charge, of the name of the rectory, vicarage, chapelry, or benefice to which the rentcharge belongs, and if it consists of any other rentcharge, then the names of the owners of the property out of which such rent is issuing, or some of them, and the situation of the property, and a statement of the registration of the claimant in respect of such rentcharge in the register in force in the year 1884.

Form No. 3.

Form of List of Ownership Claimants.

County of to win The list of persons claiming to be entitled

to be registered as parliamentary voters J for the [division

of the] county of, in respect of the ownership of property

situate in whole or in part within the parish [or township] of

Margin for entering Overseers Objections. Name of each Voter at full Length, the Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the said parish C.D. / [or township].

Note. — In this form the particulars are to be copied from the claim sent in.

Overseers must insert in the foregoing list the name of the Parliamentary Division in which their parish is situate.

50

Ch. 15.

48 Vict.

Schedule 2.

Registration Act, 1885.

Form No. 4.

Notice of Objection to Ownership Voters to be given to the

OVER8EEUS.

To the overseers of the parish [or township] of.

1 hereby give you notice that 1 object to the name of the person mentioned and described below being retained in the list of ownership voters for the [division of the] county of

Name of the Voter objected to as described in the Register or List of Ownership Claimants. Place of Abode as described. Nature of Qualification as described. Description of Qualifying Property as given in the Register or List of Ownership Claimants.

1 i 1 ! i

Dated the day of in the year (Signed) A.B.

[Place of Abode."}

Form No. 5.

Form (a),

Notice of Objection to be given to Persons whose Names are in the Ownership portion of the Register when objected to by any Person other than Overseers, and to the occupying Tenant of the qualifying Property, where notice is required to be given to the occupying Tenant.

To Mr. of [here insert

the name and place of abode of the person objected to as described in the register, and in the case of notice to the tenant of the qualifying property insert his name and place of abode as described in the J.

Take notice that I object to your name [in the notice to the tenant instead of the words "your name, " insert the name of the person objected to] being retained in the [here insert the name of the parish or ]

list of ownership voters for the [division of the]

county of

And I ground my objection, on the 1st column of the register, or on the 2nd column, or on the 3rd column,

and the objection relates

to the nature of your interest [in the notice to the tenant instead of the words ‘* your interest, " insert " the interest of, " here insert the name of the person objected to,] in the qualifying property; or to the value of the qualifying property or on the 4th column.

Dated this day of one thousand eight hundred and

Signed A.B. of [place of abode"],

on the register [or list]

of voters for the parish [or township] of

1885.

Ch. 15.

51

Registration Act, 1885.

Form (5).

Notice of Objection to be given to Persons whose names are on the list of ownership claimants objected to by any Person other than Overseers, and to the occupying Tenant of the qualifying Property, where notice is required to be given to the occupying Tenant.

To Mr. of [

insert the name and place of abode of the person objected to as described in the list, and in the case of notice to the tenant of the qualifying property insert his name and place of abode as described in the list].

Take notice that I object to your name [tn the notice to the tenant instead of the words "your name, " insert the name of the person objected to] being retained in the [here insert the name of the parish or township] list of ownership voters for the [division of the] county of

Dated this day of one thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) AJl. of [of abode],

on the register [or list]

of voters for the parish [or township] of

Form No. 6.

List of Persons objected to as Ownership Voters to be published by the Overseers.

The following persons have been objected to as not hein* entitled to have their names retained in the [name of parish or list of ownership voters for the [division of the] county of

Name of each Person objected to at full Length, the Surname being first Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification. Description of qualifying Property aa given in the Register or List of Ownership Claimants.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or C.D.] township] of Note. — In this form copy particulars from Register of Voters or ownership list of claimants.

Form No. 7.

Form of Declaration by Voter as to his Place of Abode.

I, A. B., of \_place of abode] on the list of ownership voters for the parish [or township] of, in the [division of

the] county of, do solemnly and sincerely declare that I

possessed on the last day of June now last past the same qualification in respect of which my name has been inserted in such list, and that my true place of abode is now

(Signed) A.B.

[of abode.]

Made and subscribed before me, the "1 C.D.

day of in the I [Signature of justice, $c.]

year . ? [Statement of his quality as

J justice, tjc.]

Schedule 2.

S

52

Ch. 15.

Registration Act, 1885.

48 Vict.

Schedule 2.

This Form should be omitted in 1885.

Part II.

Forms for Occupation Voters.

Note. — The following forms (A.) to (O.) refer only to occupation voters.

Form (A)

Form op Requisition by Overseers requiring Names of Inhabitant

Occupiers.

To E.F.

You are hereby required to fill up accurately the under-written form.

If this form is not returned to us [or me], accurately filled up, within twenty-one days after the service hereof, you will be liable, under the Representation of the People Act, 1884, to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Dated this day of 18

A.B.

C.D.

Overseers [or assistant overseer] for the parish [or township] of.

Form of Return.

3.

Surname and other Name of every Man who was on the fifteenth day of July last, and has been up to the date of the Return, an Inhabitant Occupier of any Dwelling-house in the Second Column.

I declare that the above is a true and complete return.

(Signed) E.F.

Dated the day of 18

Note. — The description of the property in the first column should be a copy from the rate book, and should be filled in by the overseers, and if it is a house numbered in a street should specify the street and number.

Such of the following instructions as are suitable should be annexed to the form, with such alterations, if any, as the overseers think necessary for adapting them to the circumstances of the parish or of the property to which the notice refers.

Instructions for filling up a Form.

Instructions where Property consists of several Buildings; for instance, Cottages let by the Owners In the second column insert " cottage in Lane, " or otherwise

describe its locality.

In the third column insert, opposite to the description of the cottage in the second column, the name of the man who no>v inhabits it, and has inhabited it since the fifteenth day of July last.

If it has not been so inhabited state so, or omit the cottage from the second column.

The head of the family alone is considered to be the occupier.

Property in respect of which the Person making the Return is rated [or liable to be rated, or Occupier].

Situation or Description of every Dwelling-house, as defined by the Representation of the People Acts, forming part of the Property in the First Column.

1885.

53

Registration Act, 1885. Ch. 15.

Instructions in case of what is commonly called the Service.

The dwelling-house in the second column may be either —

(a.) A separate house — for example, a schoolmaster's house; or (5.) A part of a dwelling-house separately occupied as a dwelling — for example, a room or rooms over a stable, or caretaker's rooms in an office.

If it is a separate house, insert in the second column, " house in Road, " or otherwise describe its locality.

If it is a part of a dwelling-house, insert in the second column " rooms over stable, " " basement of office, " " rooms over shop, " or otherwise specify the locality of the room or rooms.

In the third column insert, opposite to the description of the dwelling-house in the second column, the name of the man who now inhabits it, and has inhabited it since the fifteenth day of July last.

If it has not been so inhabited state so, or omit the dwelling-house from the second column.

In filling up the return it must be recollected that, under the Representation of the People Acts, —

(a.) In the case of a man who inhabits by reason of any office, service, or employment, if the same house is inhabited by any person under whom such man serves in his office, service, or employment, such man is not considered a separate inhabitant occupier; for example, a butler occupying rooms in his master's house is not such an occupier, although, if he occupied rooms over a detached building, such as a laundry, he might be such an occupier;

(5.) The head of the family alone is considered to be the occupier.

Instructions in the case of a Home let in separate Tenements,

The dwelling-house in the second column may be any room or rooms in the house which are separately occupied as a dwelling.

Insert in the second column the position of the room or rooms occupied; for example, " first floor, front room."

In the third column insert, opposite to the description of the room or rooms in the second column, the name of the man who now inhabits it or them, and has so inhabited since the fifteenth day of July last.

If any room or rooms have not been so inhabited state so, or omit the room or rooms from the second column.

In filling up the return it must be recollected that, under the Representation of the People Acts, —

(a.) A man who occupies separately any room or rooms in a house must be entered, although he is entitled to the joint use of some other part of the house; for example, a man occupying separately the first floor front rooms, and having joint use of a wash-house, must be entered: (5.) The head of the family alone is considered to be the occupier.

If the landlord of a house let out in separate tenements lives in the house, he must not return the names of the occupiers of tenements in that house.

Form (B.)

Notice as to Rates to be Published by the Overseers.

[division of the] county of f We hereby give notice that no

person will be entitled to have to wit. (_ his name inserted on any list

of parliamentary voters for the said division [or county], now about to be made in respect of the occupation as a ten pounds occupier or inhabitant occupier of any premises situate wholly or partly within this parish (or township], unless all sums which have become due in respect of those

Schedule 2.

54

Schedule 2.

lu 1885 Form D. No. does not apply and should not be sent.

Ch. 15. Registmtion 1885. 48 Vict.

premises on account of any poor rate made and allowed during the twelve calendar months next preceding the fifth day of January last past have been duly paid on or before the twentieth day of July next.

Dated the day of June 18 .

(Signed) A.B. J Overseers of the parish township]

Form (C.)

No. 1.

Notice as to Rates to be served by Overseers.

To A.B.

[division of the] county of

Take notice that you will not be entitled to have your name inserted in the list of parliamentary voters for the said division [or county] now about to be made in respect of the occupation as a ten pounds occupier or inhabitant occupier of the premises in your occupation in [street or place], unless on or before the twentieth day of July next all sums due in respect of those premises on account of any poor rate made and allowed during the twelve calendar months next preceding the fifth day of January last, amounting to £ are duly paid.

Dated the day of June 18 .

(Signed) overseers

of the parish [or township] of

No. 2.

Form of List of Names of Persons

Disqualified for being registered in respect of a ten pounds occupation or household qualification by nonpayment of the rates due in respect of the premises named herein.

Names of Persons in fall. Surname being first Place of Abode. Premises. Person actually Rated in respect of Premises.

Form (D.)

No. 3. — Old Lodgers List.

The persons who being on the register of parliamentary voters now in force for the [division of the] county of

in respect of residence in lodgings within the parish [or township] of claim, in respect of residence in the same lodgings, to have

.1885.

JCh. 15.

55

Registration Act, 1885.

their names inserted in the list of parliamentary voters for the said [division Schedule 2. or] county.

Names of Claimants in full. Surname being first. Description of Rooms occupied, and whether Furnished or not. Street, Lane, or other Place, and Number, if any, of House in which Lodgings are situate. Name and Address of Landlord or other Person to whom Rent is paid. Margin for Objections by Overseers.

(Signed) A.B. C.D. "I Overseers of the parish [or J township] of

Form (E.)

Form of Occupiers List.

List of the persons entitled to be registered as parliamentary voters for the [division of the] county of in respect of the inhabitant occupation of a dwelling-house, or of the occupation of any land or tenement of a dear yearly value of ten pounds, or of any right reserved by section ten of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, when such dwelling-house, land, or tenement is situate wholly or partly within this parish [or township].

1. Names of Voters in full. Surname being first. 2. Place of Abode. 3. Nature of Qualification. 4. Description of Qualifying Property.

Brown, Thomas Dwelling-house - Elm Villa, Green Lane

Hodge, John v. £ ir* Dwelling-house - Cottage in Lewes Road [or Green Lane, or on Church Farm, or as case may fa].

Jackson, William - 3''*. 5 Land and tenement Horton Farm.

Masters, Abel iii e Land and tenement (joint). 2, Queen Street.

South, William Dwelling house (successive). Oak Villa, Green Lane, 5, Queen Street.

AT.A-This list (No. 1.) does not contain the names of any parliamentary voters except those entitled in respect of a household or 101. occupation qualification, or of SOI.rental

qualification reserved by section 10 of the Representation of the People Act, 1884.

* (Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or

C.D. / township] of Note. — Any person registered in respect of a filly pounds rental qualification must be included in the foregoing list.

Form (H.)

Forms of Notice of Claim in respect of the Occupation Franchise.

No. 1. — General.

To the overseere of the parish [or township] of I claim to have my name inserted in the list made by you of parliamentary voters for the [division of the] county of

A

56

Schedule 2.

Omit the words between crosses if they are not applicable.

Ch. 15. Registration, 1885. 48 Vict.

in respect of the qualification named below [and to have my name omitted from the corrupt and illegal practices list].

Dated the day of 18 .

Name of Claimant in full. Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

1

(Signed) A.B.

No. 2. — Lodgers.

To the overseers of the parish [or township] of I claim to have my name inserted in the list of parliamentary voters for the [division of the] county of in

respect of the qualification named below.

Name of Claimant in full, Surname being first. Description of Booms occupied, and whether Furnished or not. Street, Lane, or other Place, and Number (if any) of House in which Lodgings situate. Amount of Bent paid. Name and Address of Landlord or other Person to whom Rent is paid.

Stevens, John William. Two rooms, first floor, furnished. 51, Brick Street - 16«. a week. William Johnson, 51, Brick Street.

I hereby declare that I have during the twelve calendar months immediately preceding the fifteenth day of July in this year occupied as sole tenant [or as joint tenant with ], and resided

in, the above-mentioned lodgings, and that those lodgings are of a clear yearly value, if let unfurnished, of ten [or twenty] pounds or upwardsf and I hereby declare that I am on the register of parliamentary voters for the said division [or county] in respect of the same lodgings as above mentioned, and I desire to have my name inserted in the old lodgers list.f

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed) (the Claimant).

I, the undersigned, hereby declare that I have witnessed the above signature of the above-named claimant at the date stated above, and that I believe the above claim to be correct.

Dated the day of 18

(Signed) C.D., of

[state residence and calling of .]

Note. — If the claim is in respect of different rooms successively occupied as lodgings in the same house, the notice of claim must specify each room, or set of rooms, so occupied.

If the claimant is on the register in respect of the same lodgings, and desires to have his name inserted in the old lodgers list published on or before the first day of August, he must send in his claim on or before the twenty-fifth day of July.

In any other case he must 6©nd it in after the last day of July, and on or before the twentieth day of August.

If there are two joint lodgers, the yearly value of the lodgings must be twenty pounds or upwards.

1885.

Ch. 15.

57

Registration Act, 1885.

Form (I.)

Form of Notice of Objection in respect of the Occupation

Franchise.

Schedule 2.

No. 1.

Notice of Objection to be given to Overseers.

To the overseers of the parish [or township] of

I hereby give you notice that [object to the name of being retained on the list of parliamentary voters for the

[division of the] county of [and to

the omission of the said name from the corrupt and illegal practices list].

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B. of ] on the list of parliamentary voters for the parish [or township] of

No. 2.

Notice of Objection to be given to Person objected to.

To Mr.

I hereby give you notice that I object to your name being retained on the list of parliamentary voters for the [division

of the] county of [and to the omission of your name from the corrupt and illegal practices list] on the following grounds, viz.: —

* 1. That, e.g., you have not occupied for twelve months to July 15lA.

2. That you have been convicted [or reported guilty] of a. corrupt

practice:

3.

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B., of [place of abode], on the list of parliamentary voters for the parish [or township] of

Note. — The notice of objection in each of the above two cases, Nos. 1 and 2, should, if there is more than one list, specify the list to which the objection refers; and if the list contains two or more persons of the same name, should distinguish the person intended to be objected to.

Form (K.)

Form of List of Claimants in respect of the Occupation Franchise to be published by the Overseers.

No. 1. — General List of Occupier Claims.

The following persons claim to have their names inserted in the lists of parliamentary voters for the [division of the] county of in respect of the occupation of property in this parish [or

township] other than lodgings.

Name of Claimant in full. Surname being first. Place of Nature of Description of Qualifying Property.

; Abode. Qualification.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or C.D. j township] of Note. — A copy of the claim must be entered in this form.

Any claim to be omitted from the corrupt and illegal practices list shall be added to the foregoing list of claimants.

.58

Schedule

Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

No. 2. — List of Lodges Claimants.

The following persons claim as lodgers to have their names inserted in the lists of parliamentary voters for the [division of the]

county of ' .

Name of Claimant in fall, Surname being first. Description of Rooms occupied, and whether Furnished or not. Street, Lane, or other Place, and number (if any) of House in which Lodgings are situate. Amount of Rent paid. Name and Address of Landlord or other Person to whom Rent is paid.

(Sigoed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish £or J township] of

Note. — A copy of the claim must be entered in this form.

Foem (L.)

Forms of Objection Lists to be published by the Overseers, i.e., of List's of Persons objected to when on List of Occupation Voters.

No. 1. — List of Persons on Occupiers List who have been objected to.

The following persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their names retained on the lists of parliamentary voters for the [

division of the] county of, in respect of the

occupation of property in the parish [or township] of other than lodgings.

Name of Person objected to in full, Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification. Description Qualifying Property.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or C.D.J township] of

Note. — In this form copy particulars from the list of voters.

Any objection to the omission of a person from the corrupt and illegal practices list shall be added to the foregoing list.

1885. Registration Act, 1885. Ch. 15.

No. 2. — List of Lodgers objected to.

The following persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their names retained on the old lodgers list among the parliamentary voters for the [division of the] county of

Name of Person objected to in full, Surname being first.

Description of Rooms occupied, and whether Famished or not.

Street, Lane, or other Place, and Number (if any) of House in which Lodgings are situate.

Name and Address of Landlord or other Person to whom Rent is paid.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or C.D. / township] of

JY ote< — This form applies only to lodgers on the old lodgers list who are objected to.

The list of lodgers so objected to should form a separate list from that of other persons objected to.

In this form copy particulars from the old lodgers list.

Form (M.)

Declaration for correcting misdescription in Occupiers or Old

Lodgers List.

I, of in the parish

of in the [division of the] county of, do solemnly and sincerely declare as follows:—

1. I am the person referred to in the list of (specifying

the particular list) made out for the parish [or township] of by an entry as follows:—

Name as described in List.

Place of A bod* as described in List.

I Nature of Qualification as described I in List.

Description of Qualifying Property.

Giles, John

High Street - I Tenement - Hill Form, Green Lane.

2. My correct name and place of abode and the correct particulars respecting my qualification ore, and ought to be, stated in the register about to be made up of parliamentary voters for the [division of

the] county of, as follows: —

Correct Name. | of I _ Correct nature of Qualification. Correct Description of Qualifying Property.

Giles* Joseph - 15, High Street Land and tenement Church Farm, Green Lane.

Dated this day of 18.

(Signed)

Made and subscribed before me this 1 day of 18, j

A.B.

Justice of the peace for Xote. — In the case of a declaration by a person on the old lodgers list this form must be adapted so as to suit that list.

59

Schedule

The person before whom the declaration is made shduld affix his official description.

60

Ch. 15.

Registration Act, 1885.

48 Vict.

Schedule 2.

The list should be referred to in the manner prescribed for t ne notice of objection.

Omit the words between crosses if the objection is wholly withdrawn.

The notice should be signed in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

The list should be referred to in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

Omit the words between crosses if the objection is wholly withdrawn.

The notice should be signed in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

The list should lie referred to in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

Omit the words lietween crosses if the objection is wholly revived.

The notice should be signed in the manner prescribed'for the notice of objection.

The list should be referred to in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

Omit the words between crosses if the objection is wholly revived.

The notice should be signed in the manner proscribed for the notice of objection.

Form (N.)

Notice of Withdrawal of Objection.

No. 1. — Notice to the Person objected to.

To Mr.

I hereby give you notice that I withdraw my objection to your name being retained on the list of

f so far as regards the ground of objection numbered in my notice to you of such objection.!

Dated the day of 18

(Signed)

No. 2. — Notice to the Overseers.

To the Overseers of

I hereby give you notice that I withdraw my objection to the name

of

being retained on the list of

f so far as regards the ground of objection numbered in my notice to him of such objection.!

Dated theday of 18

(Signed)

Form (0.)

Notice Reviving an Objection.

No. 1. — Notice to the Person objected to.

To Mr.

I hereby give you notice that I revive the objection which was made by, since deceased, to your name being retained on the list of

! so far as regards the ground of objection numbered in the notice to you of such objection.!

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed)

No. 2. — Notice to the Overseers.

To the Overseers of

I hereby give you notice that I revive the objection which was made by, since deceased, to the name

of being retained on the list of

! so far as regards the'ground of objection numbered in the notice to the person objected to of such objection.!

Dated the day of 18

(Signed)

61

1885. Registration , 1885. Ch. 15.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

INSTRUCTIONS AND FORMS FOR BOROUGHS.

Instructions to Town Clerks.

1. This precept is to be issued to the overseers of a parish or township —

(a.) where the parish or township is situate both in a municipal and

also in a parliamentary borough by the town clerk of the municipal borough; and

(5.) where the parish or township is situate in a municipal borough, wholly or partly comprised in the area of a parliamentary borough which after the dissolution of the Parliament existing in January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five ceases to be a parliamentary borough, by the town clerk of such municipal borough; and

(c.) where a parish or township is situate in a parliamentary but not in a municipal borough, then by the person acting under the Parliamentary Registration Acts as town clerk of such parliamentary borough.

2. Where a parish or township is situate partly within and partly without the boundary of a parliamentary borough, or any such municipal borough wholly or partly comprised in the area of a former parliamentary borough as above mentioned, each such part of a parish is deemed to be a separate parish for the purposes of these instructions and the following forms; and the town clerk must add to his precept to the overseers of such parish or township a note to the effect that his precept applies only to that portion of the parish or township which} is situate within the said boundary, and that the lists of all the voters for that portion must be made out separately, and that any reference in the precept to the parish or township means only that portion of the parish or township which is situate within the said boundary.

3. Where a parish or township is situate within a parliamentary but not within a municipal borough, the town clerk will omit from his precept, and from the forms sent to the overseers of such parish or township, so much as relates to burgesses; that is to say, in the precept paragraphs two, eight, and fifteen, and so much of the heading and of paragraphs twelve, fourteen, sixteen, twenty-two, twenty-seven, thirty, thirty-five, and thirty-six as is placed between asterisks.

If there is no corrupt and illegal practices list, the town clerk will omit from the precept and Forms all parts relating to it.

In the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, the town clerk will inform the overseers that any corrupt and illegal practices list made with reference to any voters disqualified by any Act passed during the present Session does not apply to burgess lists, and will omit so much of the precept as relates to the old lodgers list, and the Forms relating to that list, in every case where the parish was not, in one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, in a Parliamentary borough.

4. Where a parish or township is not situate within a parliamentary

borough, the town clerk must substitute in his precept for the expression "parliamentary borough, " the expression "[division of the]

county of , " and make the necessary consequential substitution in the precept and forms of " division " or " county " for " borough, " and must make the alterations mentioned in the marginal notes to this precept, and must add the following paragraphs (i. to v.):—

(i.) This precept does not apply to any person entitled to vote in respect of the ownership of property whether of freehold, leasehold, or copyhold tenure.

(ii.) The expression "parliamentary voter, " besides the voters mentioned in paragraph one of this precept, includes a person entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a fifty pounds rental qualification.

Section 18.

Note. — This is to meet the case of the merged boroughs.

62

Schedule 3.

Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885, 48 Vict.

(iii.) A person entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a fifty pounds rental qualification —

(a) must on the fifteenth day of July next be an occupier as tenant of some land or tenement for which he is bond, fide liable to a yearly rent of not less than fifty pounds; and (b) must have occupied such land or tenement for the whole of the twelve months immediately preceding the fifteenth day of July next; and (c) must have been registered as a voter in respect of the said occupation in the register of voters in force during the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

(iv.) If two or more persons jointly are such occupiers as above mentioned, and the rent is such as to give fifty pounds or more for each occupier, each such occupier, if he was registered in respect of the said occupation as aforesaid in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, is entitled to be registered as a voter.

(v.) A person entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a fifty pounds rental qualification must be entered in the list of voters in the same manner as if he were entitled to a ten pounds occupation qualification, and you must consider that the directions in this precept respecting that qualification apply to a fifty pounds rental qualification.

5. The town clerk must send, with the precept, to the overseers copies of the following forms in this schedule, namely, —

Form A.

Form B., No. 1, and if the parish is in a municipal borough, No. 2. Form C., No. 1 and No. 2.

Form D., No. 1, or Form E., as the case requires.

Form D., No. 2, where the case requires it.

Form D., No. 3.

Form F., if required for the parish.

Form G., if the parish is in a municipal borough.

Form K., No. 2 and No. 3, and if the parish is in a municipal borough, No. 1 and No. 4.

Form L., No. 2 and No. 3, and if the parish is in a municipal borough. No. 1 and No. 4.

Also, if there is any corrupt or illegal practices list, a copy of that list.

6. In copying and printing for the parliamentary register the revised lists of any parish or township in a parliamentary borough, such lists may, and if and so far as the local authority, under the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, so direct, shall, be arranged according to convenience for use in parts for polling districts or, if the parish is situate in a municipal borough, wards, and where the polling districts and wards do not coincide, then in such manner that the parts may be conveniently compiled or put together to serve either as lists for polling districts or as ward lists; and where the list has been made out in divisions, divisions one and two for the parliamentary register, and divisions one and three for the burgess roll, may, and if and so far as the local authority under the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, so direct, shall, be combined or kept separate according to convenience for use; and any arrangement may, and if and so far as the said local authority so direct, shall, be adopted according to convenience, so that one print or edition of division one may be available for both sets.

7. In a parliamentary borough each part of the parliamentary register which corresponds with a polling district or ward shall be divided into four lists —

(a.) A list of voters in respect of a ten pounds occupation or household qualification;

(5.) A list of lodgers;

(c.) A list of the freemen (if any) entitled to vote in the said polling district or ward; and

63

1885. Registration Act, 1885. Ch. 15.

(d.) A list of persons having any rights of voting in the said polling Schedule 3. district or ward otherwise than as above mentioned.

8. Each entry for voting on the parliamentary register of every parliamentary borough, and on the burgess roll of every municipal borough, is, save as mentioned in paragraph nine, to be distinguished by a number, either alone or in combination with such letter or distinguishing mark as the local authority under the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, from time to time fixes, and there shall be one series of numbers for the whole of each parliamentary borough, or if it is divided into divisions for each division of such borough, and for the whole of each municipal borough, or if it is divided into wards for each ward, save that if the local authority so direct there may be a separate series of numbers for each polling district, whether parliamentary or municipal.

9. Any entry of a person against which the revising barrister has placed a note to the effect that such person is not entitled to vote in respect of the qualification therein contained, he being on the list for voting in respect of another qualification, is to be denoted by an asterisk, and no number is to be prefixed to his name.

10. The officer having the custody of any revised lists of voters in a parliamentary borough or municipal borough under the Parliamentary Registration Acts shall permit access thereto for the purpose of the same being copied for any public purpose relating to parliamentary registration or the enrolment of burgesses.

FORM OF PRECEPT OF THE TOWN CLERK TO THE OVERSEERS.

Registration op Parliamentary Voters* and Burgesses *

of

Parliamentary borough

Municipal borough of* to wit.

To the overseers of the poor of the parish [nr township] of

Omit part between asterisks

In pursuance of the provisions of the Acts of Parliament in that behalf I if no part of require your attention to the following:— parish is in a

municipal

Instructions. borough.

Part I. of this precept informs you generally of tho persons entitled to be registered, and of the meaning of the expressions used in this precept, and also as to the mode in which you are to make out and publish the lists.

Part II. gives you, in order of time, the several matters which you are required to do.

PART I.

General Instructions, explaining the Persons entitled to be registered, the Meaning op the Expressions used, and the Mode op making out and publishing the Lists.

Definitions.

This precept relates to the registration of parliamentary voters for the said parliamentary borough *and the enrolment of burgesses for the said municipal borough.

1. In this precept the expression parliamentary voters" means persons Parliamentary entitled to be registered as voters at parliamentary elections for the said voters, parliamentary borough or any division thereof in respect of —

(a) a ten pounds occupation qualification as hereafter defined in paragraph four of this precept;

(5) a household qualification as hereafter defined in paragraph five of this precept; or

64

Schedule 3.

Omit (d) where any reserved right does not exist.

Burgesses.

General qualification.

Ten pounds occupation lification.

Ch. 15.

Registration Act, 1885.

48 Vict.

I fluali t If Dl

' 't If parish is not in a parliamentary borough, after " must " insert "on the fifteenth day of " July next be,

" ana".

If parish is not in a parliamentary borough omit (6).

In a parish in the City of London substitute twenty-five for seven miles.

If the parish is not in a parliamentary borough substitute for the part between crosses " two of " such occupiers " are entit led to " be registered as " voters, but no " more are so " entitled unless " they derived " the property by " descent, sue- cession, marriage, marriage " settlement, or " devise, or unless they are " bona fide en-"gaged as " part ners carrying on trade or " business thereon, in any of " which cases all " may be registered, if the " value is sultl-cient to give " ten pounds for " each occupier."

Household

qualification.

(c) a lodger qualification as hereafter defined in paragraph six of this precept; or

(d) any right reserved by sections thirty-one and thirty-three of the Reform Act, 1832.

2. In this precept the expression "burgesses" means persons entitled to be enrolled as burgesses under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

3. Every parliamentary voter must be a man of full age, and not subject to any legal incapacity, and must not at any time during the twelve months immediately preceding the fifteenth day of July next have received any parochial relief.

4. A person entitled to be registered as a parliamentary voter in respect of aten pounds occupation qualification —

f(a)mustf during the whole twelve months immediately preceding the

' w~ fifteenth day of July next have been an occupier as owner or tenant of some land or tenement in your parish [or township] of the clear yearly value of not less than ten pounds; and

(b) must have resided in or within seven miles of the said parliamentary borough during six months immediately preceding the fifteenth day of July next; and

(c) such person, or some one else must during the said twelve months have been rated to all poor rates made in respect of such land or tenement; and

(d) all sums due in respect of the said land or tenement on account of any poor rate made and allowed during the twelve months immediately preceding the fifth day of January last, or on account of any assessed taxes due before the fifth day of January last, must have been paid on or before the twentieth day of July next. 1

If two or more persons jointly are such occupiers as above mentioned, and the value of the land or tenement is such as to give ten pounds or more for each occupier, teach of such occupiers is entitled to be registered as a voter.

If a person has occupied in the said parliamentary borough different lands or tenements of the requisite value in immediate succession during the said twelve months, he is entitled in respect of the occupation thereof to be registered as a voter in the parish [or township] in which the last occupied land or tenement is situate.

5. A person entitled to be registered as a parliamentary voter in respect of a household qualification —

' (a)must on the fifteenth day of July next be and for the whole of the — twelve months immediately preceding that day (except the time (if any) not exceeding four months during which he has permitted the house to be occupied as a furnished house), have been an inhabitant occupier of some dwelling-house in your parish [or township], or of some part of a house separately occupied as a dwelling; and

(5) such person or some one else must during those twelve months have been rated to all poor rates made in respect of the said dwelling-house; and

(c) all sums due in respect of the said dwelling-house on account of any poor rate made and allowed during the twelve months immediately preceding the fifth day of January last must have been paid on or before the twentieth day of July next. 1

If two or more persons are joint occupiemof a dwelling-house, no one of them is entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a household qualification in respect thereof, though if the value is sufficient, one or more of them may he so entitled under paragraph four above.

If a person has occupied different dwelling-houses in the said parliamentary borough in immediate succession during the said twelve months, he is entitled in respect of the occupation thereof to be registered as a voter in the parish [or township] in which the last occupied dwelling-house is situate.

1885.

Registration , 1885. Ch. 15.

65

Burgesses.

If a person inhabits a dwelling-house by virtue of any office, service, or Schedule 3. employment, and the dwelling-house is not inhabited by any person under whom such njan serves in such office, service, or employment, he is considered to be an inhabitant occupier of that dwelling-house.

6. A person entitled to be registered as a parliamentary voter in respect Lodger

of a lodger qualification — qualification.

/ (a) must have claimed to be registered; and

u^5) must have occupied separately as a lodger for the whole twelve months immediately preceding the fifteenth day of July next lodgings, being part of one and the same dwelling-house in your parish [or township], and being of a clearly yearly value, if let unfurnished, of ten pounds or upwards; and

(c.) must have resided in such lodgings during the said twelve months-o

If two or more persons are joint lodgers, and the value of the lodgings is such as to give ten pounds or more for each lodger, two of such persons, but no more, are entitled to be registered as voters.

If a person has occupied different lodgings of the requisite value in the same house, in immediate succession, he is entitled to be registered as a Regerved voter in respect of the occupation thereof. rights.

7. A person entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of any right part

reserved by sections thirty-one and thirty-three of the Reform Act, 1832, ex(^p*I|^ro88e6 nm$t teither counties of

(a) be a freeholder or burgage tenant; or, f cities or towns

(5) be possessed of a right to vote, possessed by him on the seventh day ^here these of June one thousand eight hundred and thirty-two. y and

8. A person entitled to be enrolled as a burgess may be a man or woman, 7 where no rebut must be of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity, and must serred right* not at any time within the twelve months next before the fifteenth day of exi *

July next have received any parochial relief; and —

/ (a)must during the whole of the twelve months immediately preceding

the fifteenth day of July next have been an occupier of a house, warehouse, counting-house, shop, or other building in your parish [or township]; and

(b) have resided during those twelve months in the said municipal borough or within seven miles thereof; and

(c) such person or some one else must during the said twelve months have been rated to all poor rates made in respect of the qualifying property; and

(d) all sums due in respect of the qualifying property on account of any poor rate made and allowed, or any borough rate made during the twelve months immediately preceding the fifth day of January last, must have been paid on or before the twentieth day of July next.

A person is entitled to be enrolled as a burgess notwithstanding that he has permitted his dwelling-house to be occupied as a furnished house for a time not exceeding four months, and during that time has not resided as above-mentioned.

If two or more persons are joint occupiers, each such occupier is entitled to be enrolled as a burgess.

If a person has occupied in immediate succession during the said twelve months different premises in the municipal borough which would qualify him for enrolment as a burgess, he is entitled, in respect of the occupation thereof, to be enrolled as a burgess in the parish [or township] in which the last occupied premises are situate.

A person who is entitled to be enrolled as a burgess in all respects except that of residence, and is resident beyond seven miles, but within fifteen miles, of the said municipal borough, is entitled to be on the list of persons entitled to be elected councillors or aldermen though not entitled to be on the burgess roll.

Ch. 15.

48 Vict.

6G

Registration Act, 1885.

Mode of making out Lists.

9. Each list and, where the list is made out in divisions, each division of

Schedule 8.

Note. — If the local authority has given any

as^toth^mode of each ^st raust he made out in alphabetical order, making out the If your parish [or township] is divided into, or forms part of, more than itreeteorotter- one polling district or ward, you must make out a list for each part which cleric lor other *s *n 11 sePara^e polling district or separate ward as if it were a separate

officer issuing the parish, precepts, must

graph (Binccord. *0. ma^ing out the lists you are to state the surname and other name mgfy.1 or names of each person at full length, the surname being placed first.

Entry of 11. The place of abode should be entered with the name, if aDy, of the

names. street, lane, or other locality, and the number, if any, in such street, lane,

or other locality, and such entry should be made in all cases in such a manner as will afford a full and sufficient address for a person entered if a letter is addressed to him by post.

Entry of nature of qualification.

Entry of

qualifying

property.

General qualifications.

12. The nature of the qualification should be entered as nearly as possible in accordance with the words of the statute conferring the franchise; for instance: —

(a.) The nature of the ten pounds occupation qualification of a person should be stated thus: — "tenement* or " land, '' or "land and tenement, '* or in the case of a joint occupation " tenement (joint), *' or " land (joint), " or in the case of a successive occupation " tenement (successive) or " land (successive).

(5.) Where a parish is situate in a municipal borough and the ten pounds qualification is also a qualification for a burgess, the nature of the qualification should be stated by a description of the tenement thus: — " house, " shop, " " warehouse, " or " building, " or " chambers, " or as the case may be, or in the case of a joint occupation " house (joint), " shop (joint), " " warehouse, joint, " or as the case may be, or in the case of a successive occupation " shop (successive), " or as the case may be.

(c.) The nAture of a household qualification should be stated thus, " dwelling-house, " or in the case of successive occupation " dwelling-house (successive).' *

(</.) *The nature of a qualification for a burgess only should be stated thus, " house, " " warehouse, " " counting-house, " " chambers, " or as the case may be, with the addition of "joint" or "successive* if necessary.

Where the same property constitutes both a ten pounds occupation qualification and a household qualification, the nature of the qualification should be entered as " dwelling-house, "* and that statement will suffice although the property also qualifies for a burgess.

If the description indicates the nature of the qualification, as, for instance, if a ten pounds occupation qualification consists of a house and is entered as a dwelling-house, such description will be sufficient.

Any description of the nature of the qualification further than that above mentioned is superfluous and should not be given.

13. The description of any qualifying property should specify the name and situation of that property, and for that purpose should either state the name (if any) of the street, lane, or other locality, and the number (if any) in such street, lane, or other locality of such property, or the name of the occupying tenant, and the description of the qualifying property should in all cases be such as will afford full and sufficient means of identifying such property.

14. Where several qualifications are possessed by the same person, the particulars respecting each qualification should be stated in the list; *and in the case of a list made out in divisions, where a person is entered in division one in respect of one qualification for parliamentary purposes, and

1885.

67

Registration, 1885. Ch. 15.

in respect of another qualification for municipal purposes, each such qualification should be distinguished in the list by a note to the effect that the qualification is for parliamentary purposes only, or for municipal purposes only, as the case may be.

15. If your parish [or township] is situate in a municipal borough the occupiers list (mentioned hereafter in paragraph thirty sub-paragraph (a)) is to be made out in three divisions:

Division one is to comprise the names of the persons entitled both to be registered as parliamentary voters in respect of a ten pounds occupation or household qualification, and to be enrolled as burgesses.

Division two is to comprise the names of the persons entitled to be registered as parliamentary voters in respect of a ten pounds occupation or household qualification, but not to be enrolled os burgesses. Division three is to comprise the names of the persons entitled to be enrolled as burgesses, but not to be registered as parliamentary voters in respect of a ten pounds occupation or household qualification.

16. You should omit from any list of parliamentary voters (other than the old lodgers list) *and from any list of burgesses* the name of any person —

(a) whom from the returns furnished by the registrar of births and deaths, or from your own knowledge, you know to be dead; or (5) who is not qualified by reason of the nonpayment of rates; or (c) who is disqualified by reason of having received parochial relief; or (d)twhose name is entered in the corrupt and illegal practices list.f

17. In making out the old lodgers list (mentioned hereafter in paragraph thirty, sub-paragraph (c)), if you have reason to believe that any person whose name is entered on that list is dead, or is not entitled to be registered, you should make a note to that effect in the margin of the list.

18. The1 registrars of births and deaths are required to send to you, periodically, returns of the names and residences of all male persons of full age dying within your parish [or township], and you must examine those returns to see whether any person who otherwise would appear in the list of voters is dead, and yon are to pay the registrars, as part of your expenses ^connected with registration, a fee of twopence for each return, and a further fee of twopence for every death entered in such returns.

Publication and Inspection.

19. The manner in which you are required to publish the notices, lists, and documents directed by this precept to be published is as follows; that is to say —

You are to fix a copy of such notice, list, or document (each copy being first signed by you) —

(a) on or near the outside of the outer door or of the outer wall near the door of every church and public chapel in your parish [or township], including chapels which do not belong to the Established Church; and

(Jb) also, having first obtained the authority of the local postmaster, or if he refuses, of the Postmaster General, in some public and conspicuous position in or near every post office and telegraph office occupied by or on behalf of the Postmaster General; and (c) also in or near every public or municipal or parochial office in your parish [or township]; or (c?) if there is no such church, chapel, or office, then in some public or conspicuous situation in your parish [or township].

20. Everything so published must remain there during a period including two consecutive Sundays at least next after the first day of publication, and if you find any notice, list, or other document published by you in

Schedale 8.

Divisions of list.

Omission of dead and disqualified.

Omit (d) where there is no corrupt and illegal practices list. Objection in old lodgers list.

Registrars returns of deaths.

Publication of lists, &c.

68 Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

Schedule 8. pursuance of this precept to be destroyed, mutilated, defaced, or removed, you are forthwith to place another to the same effect in its place.

Inspection and 21. Where this precept directs you during any period to allow any Copy delivery of of a portion of a register, list, notice, or other document to be open to

copies. public inspection, and to deliver copies thereof, you will permit such copy,

list, notice, or document to be perused by every person desirous of perusing it, at any time between the hours of ten of the clock in the forenoon and four of the clock in the afternoon of any day, except Sunday, during the said period, without payment or demand of any fee; and you are also to deliver a written or printed copy of it, signed by you, to every person applying for the same during the said period, on payment of a price for such copy after the following rate: —

For any list or copy of a list containing any number of persons names —

s. d.

Not exceeding 100 names - - 0 6

Exceeding 100 and not exceeding 200 - - 1 0

Exceeding 200 and not exceeding 300 - - 1 6

Exceeding 300 and not exceeding 400 - - 2 0

Exceeding 400 - - - 2 6

22. You must allow any person who is registered as a parliamentary voter in the said parliamentary borough, *or enrolled as a burgess in the said municipal borough, to inspect at all reasonable times, free of charge, — (a) the books containing the poor rates made for your parish township] within the last two years, and to make a copy of, or take an extract from, such books, and (5) the returns of deaths sent to you by the registrars of births and deaths.

PART II.

Things to be done in Order of Date.

April and May.

[In 1885 pars. 28-25 may be omitted.]

Notices and Inquiries.

23. In the months of April and May, or one of them, you are to inquire or ascertain with respect to all property in your parish [or township] which comprises any dwelling-house (including under the term any part of a house separately occupied as a dwelling), whether any man, other than the owner or other person rated or liable, to be rated in respect of such property, is entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of a household qualification by reason of his being an inhabitant occupier of such dwelling-house, and you are to enter in the rate book, in a separate column added for the purpose, the name of every man so entitled and the situation or description of the dwelling-house in respect of which he is entitled.

If any property, whether by reason of belonging to the Crown or otherwise, is not rated, you must act under this paragraph in the same manner as if it were rated.

24. For the purpose of your inquiry you are at liberty to serve on any person who is the occupier, or rated or liable to be rated in respect of any property, or on some agent of such person concerned in the management of such property, a requisition according to the Form A. among the forms sent herewith. You may serve the requisition by giving it to the person by whom it is to be observed, or by leaving it at his last or usual place of abode, or with some person on the property, and in case no such person can be found, then by affixing the requisition in some conspicuous part of the property; and where the property is occupied by a company or other body of persons, you may serve the requisition on the secretary or agent of the company or body of persons, and if the property belongs to the Crown or is not rated, you may serve it on the chief local officer having-the superintendence or control or the property. A person who fails to comply with the requisition is liable on summary conviction to a penalty of forty shillings.

1885.

G9

Registration, 1885. Ch. 15.

25. In making the inquines directed by the two last paragraphs you will observe the following directions: —

(a) if you know that any man who is not rated has inhabited a dwelling-house since the fifteenth day of July last you should enter the name of that man in the rate book as mentioned in paragraph twenty-three of this precept, without serving any requisition on the occupier or other person rated.

(b) you should not serve the requisition on the occupier or owner of any property, unless you have reasonable ground to believe that there is some inhabitant occupier of such property, who is entitled to vote, besides the person on whom the requisition is served.

26. On or before the 20th day of June next you are to publish in manner directed by paragraph nineteen of this precept a notice [or notices] signed by you according to the Form B. among the printed forms sent herewith.

27. Where any sum on account of a poor rate made and allowed during the twelve months next before the fifth day of January last is on the first day of June next due in respect of any property in your parish [or township] capable of conferring the franchise in respect of a ten pounds occupation or household qualification for the said parliamentary borough *or the franchise for the said municipal borough, you are on or before the twentieth day of June next to give to every occupier of that property a notice (in the Form C. (No. 1) sent herewith), by delivering it to such occupier, or leaving it at his last or usual place of abode, or with some person on the property in respect of which the rate is payable, and in case no such person can be found, then by affixing the notice upon some conspicuous part of such property.

You need not give this notice if the rate has been previously duly demanded of such occupier by a demand note served in the like manner as the last-mentioned notice, but you must serve the notice on every occupier of that property who will, if the rate is paid, be entitled to be registered as a voter in respect of the occupation thereof.

28. If the sum due on account of poor rate as above mentioned in respect of any property is not paid on or before the twentieth day of July next, all occupiers of that property are disqualified from being entered in any list of occupation voters; and on or before the twenty-second day of July next you are to make out (in the Form C. (No. 2) sent herewith) a list containing the name of every person so disqualified; and you are to keep that list, and during the first fourteen days after the said twenty-second day of July are to allow it to be open to public inspection, and to deliver copies thereof in accordance with paragraph 21 of this precept.

29. On or before the last day of July next you are to ascertain from the relieving officer acting for your parish [or township] the names of all persons who are disqualified from being inserted in the lists of voters for your parish [or township] by reason of having received parochial relief, and the relieving officer upon your application is bound to produce to you at such place in your parish [or township] and at such times as are required by you the books in his possession containing the names of such persons.

Lists of Voters.

30. On or before the last day of July next you are to make out in manner directed by paragraphs nine to seventeen of this precept the following lists of voters: —

(a.) The occupiers list, that is to say, a list (in the Form (D.) [or (E.)] No. 1 sent herewith) of all persons who by reason of the occupation of property situate wholly or partly within your parish [or township] are entitled to be registered as parliamentary voters in respect of a ten pounds occupation or a household qualification as defined in paragraphs four and five of this precept #or to be enrolled as burgesses of the said municipal borough.

Schedule 3.

20th June.

20th June. When a borough rate is levied as a separate rate and not as part of the poor rate, the precept should be altered accordingly so as to contain a reference to the borough rate.

22nd July.

31st July.

31st July.

70 Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1S85. 48 Vict.

Schedule 3.

If parish is not in a parliamentary borough existing before 1832 omit (6).

In 1888 if the parish was not in 1884 in a parliamentary borough omit (oh and if the parish was in 1884 in a parliamentary borough sinoe merged in the county, substitute " parliamentary borough of " for

" the said parliamentary borough."

t Paragraph (e) is to be sent in lieu of (a), and (c) where the parish is situate in a municipal, but not in a

parliamentary borough, and was not included in a parliamentary

(b.) The reserved lights list, that is to say, a list (in the Form (D.) No. 2, sent herewith) of all persons who are entitled within your parish [or township] to be registered as parliamentary voters in respect of any right reserved by section thirty-one or thirty-three of the Reform Act, 1832.

(c.) The old lodgers list, that is to say, a list (in the Form (D.) No. 3, sent herewith ^, of all persons who being on the register of voters now-in force for the said parliamentary borough in respect of residence in lodgings within your parish [or township] have, on or before the twenty-fifth day of July next, given or caused to be given to you or any one of you claims to have their names inserted in the lists of parliamentary voters in respect of residence in the same lodgings.

(d.) *A list (in the Form G. sent herewith) of all persons who are entitled, in respect of the occupation of property within your parish [or township], to be elected councillors or aldermen of the said municipal borough, but are not entitled to be on the burgess roll thereof.

f(e.) The burgess list, that is to say, a list, in the Form F. sent herewith, of all persons who by reason of the occupation of property situate wholly or partly within your parish [or township] are entitled to be enrolled as burgesses for the said municipal borough.f *

in the county 31. On or before the first day of August next you are to sign the button oflfeata above-mentioned lists, and to cause a sufficient number of copies of such Act, 1886. lists to be written or printed, and to publish the lists signed by you in

1st August. your parish [or township] in manner directed by paragraph nineteen of

this precept.

If there is no cor- 32. You are also to publish at the same time and in the same manner

prStiSl liltfthe l^e corrupt and illegal practices list which is sent herewith.

paragraph rela-

ting to it must be 33. You are also to keep a written or printed copy of each of the above

omitt lists, and during the first fourteen days after the publication of them are to

allow them to be open to public inspection, and to deliver copies thereof in accordance with paragraph twenty-one of this precept.

If parish is not in a parliamentary borough, omit paragraph as to assessed taxes.

34. You are also to keep the list of defaulters in the payment of assessed taxes sent to you by the collector of taxes, and allow it during the first fourteen days after the first publication of the lists of voters to be open for public inspection in manner directed by paragraph twenty-one of this precept.

Claims and Objections.

35th August. 35. On or before the twenty-fifth day of August next you are to make out (in accordance with paragraphs nine to seventeen of this precept, and according to the Form K. sent herewith) claim lists, that is to say, lists containing the name of every person who has given or caused to be given to you, or any one of you, on or before the twentieth day of August next, notice of his claim to have his name inserted in any list of voters for your parish [or township], making separate lists of —

* (a.) persons claiming to have their names inserted both among the parliamentary voters for the said parliamentary borough and the burgesses for the said municipal borough; *

(5.) persons claiming to be inserted in a list of parliamentary voters* only, but otherwise than as freemen or lodgers;

(c.) persons claiming to be inserted in a list of parliamentary voters as lodgers, but not comprised in the old lodgers list;

* (e/.) persons claiming to be inserted in the list of burgesses only;

a 885.

Ch. 15.

71

Registration 1885.

(e.) persons claiming to be entered in the list of persons entitled to be elected councillors or aldermen but not entitled to be on the burgess roll; *fand

(/*.) persons claiming to be omitted from the corrupt and illegal practices list.t

36. On or before the twenty-fifth day of August next you are also to make out (in accordance with paragraphs nine to seventeen of this precept, and according to the Form L. sent herewith) objection lists, that is to soy, lists containing the name of every person against whom a notice of objection has been given to you, or any of you, on or before the twentieth day of August next, as not being entitled to have his name retained in a list of voters for your parish [or township], giving in separate lists the objections made to —

, (a) any person who is on the occupiers list* both as a parliamentary voter and a burgess; *

(5) Any person who is* on the occupiers list as a parliamentary voter only, or is* on the reserved rights list;

(c) any person on the old lodgers list;

* (d) any person on any list as a burgess only;

(e) any person on the said list of persons entitled to be elected councillors or aldermen; *t and (f) any person on the ground that he is omitted from the corrupt and illegal practices list.t

37. On or before the twenty-fifth day of August next you are to sign each of the claim and objection lists, and to publish it in the manner directed by paragraph nineteen of the precept.]

38. You are to keep a copy of each of the claim and objection lists signed by you, and during the fourteen days next after the j twenty-fifth day of August are to allow such copies and also the original notices of claims and objections to be open to public inspection, and to deliver copies thereof in accordance with paragraph twenty-one of this precept.

39. On or before the twenty-fifth day of August next you are to deliver to me [and t6 the clerk of the peace of the county] —

(a) two copies of the occupiers reserved rights and old lodgers lists; and (5) a copy of each of the claim and objection lists so made out and signed by you as aforesaid.

40. You are to attend the court to be holden by the revising barrister for the revision of the lists of voters for your parish [or township]; and notice will be sent you of the time and place of holding such court.

41. You are at such court to deliver to the barrister holding it the following documents: —

(a) the several lists made out and signed by you;

(b) the original notices of claims and of objections given to you; and (c) all notices of the withdrawal or revival of objections received by you, and you are there to produce the rate books of your parish [or township] containing the poor rates made and allowed during the period between the fifth day of January in last year and the fifteenth day of July next.

If you fail to comply with this precept you will be liable to the penalties in that case provided.

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B.,

Town clerk of the municipal borough of

Schedule 3.

f Omit (/) if there is no corrupt and

illegal practices list.

25th August.

Omit " or is " on the reserved right " list, where no reserved rights exist.

t Omit (/) if there is no corrupt and illegal practices list.

25th August.

25th August

Add part in brackets if the parish is not in a parliamentary

borough.

Omit

* reserved " rights, " where no reserved rights exist.

If the officer issuing the precept is not the town clerk of a municipal borough, he should append to his signature his proper official description.

72

Schedule 3.

Ch. 15. Registration, 1885. 48 Vict.

GENERAL FORMS.

Form (A.)

Form of Requisition by Overseers requiring Names of Inhabitant Occupiers.

To E.F.

You are hereby required to fill up accurately the under-written form.

If this form is not returned to us [or me], accurately filled up, within twenty-one days after the service hereof, you will be liable under the Representation of the People Act, 1884, to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Dated this day of 18 .

A.B.

C.D.

Overseers [or assistant overseer] for the parish [or township] of

Form of Return.

1. 2. 3.

Property in respect of which the Person making the Return is Situation or Description of every Dwelling-house, as defined by the Representation of the People Acts, forming part of the Property in First Column. Surname and other Name of every Man who was on the fifteenth day of July last, and has l»een up to the date of the Return, an

rated [or liable to be rated, or occupier]. Inhabitant Occupier of any Dwelling-house in the Second Column.

I declare that the above is a true and complete return.

(Signed) E.F.

Dated the day of 18 .

Note. — The description of the property in the first column should be a copy from the rate book, and should be filled in by the overseers, and if it is a house numbered in a street should specify the street and number.

Such of the following instructions as are suitable should be annexed to the form, with such alterations, if any, as the overseers think necessary for adapting them to the circumstances of the parish or of the property to which the notice refers.

Instructions for filling up Form.

Instructions where property consists of several buildings; for,

cottages let by the owner.

In second column insert " cottage in Lane, " or otherwise

describe its locality.

In the third column insert, opposite to the description of the cottage in the second column, the name of the man who now inhabits it, and has inhabited it since the fifteenth day of July last.

If it has not been so inhabited, state so, or omit the cottage from the second column.

The head of the family alone is considered to be the occupier.

Instructions in case of what is commonly called the Service Franchise.

The dwelling-house in the second column may be either —

(a.) A separate house — for example, a schoolmaster's house; or

1885.

Ch. 15.

73

Registration, 1885.

(5.) A part of a dwelling-house separately occupied as a dwelling — for example, a room or rooms over a stable, or caretaker's rooms in an office.

If it is a separate house, insert in the second column " house in Road, " or otherwise describe its locality.

If it is a part of a dwelling-house, insert in the second column rooms over, stable, " " basement of office, " " rooms over shop, " or otherwise specify the locality of the room or rooms.

In the third column insert, opposite to the description of the dwelling-house in the second column, the name of the man who now inhabits it, and has inhabited it since the fifteenth day of July last.

If it has not been so inhabited, state so, or omit the dwelling-house from the second column.

In filling up the return it must be recollected that, under the Representation of the People Acts, —

(a.)In the case of a man who inhabits by reason of any office, service, or employment, if the same house is inhabited by any person under whom such man serves in his office, service, or employment, such man is not considered a separate inhabitant occupier; for example, a butler occupying rooms in his master's house is not such an occupier, although if he occupied rooms over a detached building, such as a laundry, he might be such an occupier:

(5.) The head of the family alone is considered to be the occupier.

Instructions in the case of a house let in separate tenements.

The dwelling-house in the second column may be any room or rooms in the house which are separately occupied as a dwelling.

Insert in the second column the position of the room or rooms occupied; for example, " first floor, front room."

In the third column insert, opposite to the description of the room or rooms in the second column, the name of the man who now inhabits it or them, and has so inhabited since the fifteenth day of July last.

If any room or rooms have not been so inhabited, state so, or omit the room or rooms from the second column.

In filling up the return, it must be recollected that, under the Representation of the People Acts, —

(a.) A man who occupies separately any room or rooms in a house must be entered, although he is entitled to the joint use of some other part of the house; for example, a man occupying separately the first floor front rooms, and having joint use of a wash-house, must be entered:

(h.) The head of the family alone is considered to be the occupier.

If the landlord of a house let out in separate tenements lives in the house, he must not return the names of the occupiers of tenements in that house.

Form (B.)

No. 1.

Notice as to Rates to be Published by the Overseers.

(Parliamentary.)

Parliamentary borough [or[)We hereby give notice that division of the] county] of, > no person will be entitled

to wit, J to have his name inserted

in any list of parliamentary voters for the said parliamentary borough [or division or county], now about to be made in respect of the occupation as a ten pounds occupier or inhabitant occupier of any premises situate wholly or partly within this parish [or township], unless all sums which have become due in respect of those premises on account of any poor rate made and allowed during the twelve calendar months next preceding the fifth day of January last past have been duly paid on or before the twentieth day of July next; *or to have his name inserted in any such list in respect

Schedule 3.

If the pariah is cot in a parliu-

74 Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

of the occupation as a ten pounds occupier of any premises situate as aforesaid, unless he pays on or before the twentieth day of July next all assessed taxes which have become due from him in respect of those premises previously to the fifth day of January last past.

Dated the day of June 18 .

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or township] C.D. J of

No. 2.

Notice as to Rates to be published by the Overseers. (Municipal.)

Municipal borough of *| We hereby givo notice that no

, > person will be entitled to have to wit. J his name inserted in any list

of burgesses of the said municipal borough now about to be made in respect of the occupation of any premises situate wholly or partly within this parish [or township], unless all poor rates and borough rates (if any) which have become due in respect of those premises on account of a poor rate made and allowed or a borough rate made during the twelve calendar months next preceding the fifth day of January last past have been duly paid on or before the twentieth day of July next.

Dated the day of June 18 .

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or township] C.D. j of

Note. — Where a parish is situate within both a parliamentary borough and a municipal borough, both the above notices must be issued.

Schedule 3.

mentary borough omit the part between asterisks.

Form (C.) No. 1.

If the parish is not in a municipal borough the parts between asterisks are to be omitted.

Where a borough rate is levied as a separate rate and not as part of the

Krate, the i should he altered accordingly. so as to distinguish the borough rate from the poor rate, and to state that omission to pay the borough rate will disqualify for enrolment as a burgess.

Notice as to Rates to be served by Overseers.

To A.B.

Parliamentary borough [or [division of the] county] of

* Municipal borough of *

Take notice that you will not be entitled to have your name inserted in the list of parliamentary voters for the said borough [or division or county]* or in the burgess lists for the municipal borough of *

now about to be made in respect of the occupation as a ten pounds occupier or inhabitant occupier of the premises in your occupation in [street or place], unless on or before the twentieth day of July next all sums due in respect of those premises on account of any poor rate made and allowed *or borough rate made* during the twelve calendar months next preceding the fifth day of January last, amounting to £, are duly

paid.

Dated the day of June 18 .

(Signed) C.D. 1 Overseers of the parish [or township] E.F. J of

No. 2.

Form of List of Names of Persons disqualified for being registered in respect of a ten pounds occupation or household qualification by nonpayment of the rates due in respect of the premises named herein.

Name of Person in full, Surname being placed first. Place of Abode. Premises. Person actually rated in respect of Premises.

1885.

Ch. 15.

75

Registration Act, 1885.

FORM (D.) Schedule 3.

Form of Lists of Parliamentary Voters and Burgesses for a Parish in a Municipal Borough.

No. 1.

Form of Occupiers List, including ten pounds occupiers, householders,

and burgesses.

No. 1. — List op

The persons entitled to be registered as parliamentary voters for the parliamentary borough [or [division of the]

county] of in respect of the occupation of any dwelling-

house, or of any land or tenement of a clear yearly value of ten pounds, situate wholly or partly within this parish [or township], *and the persons entitled to be enrolled as burgesses for the municipal borough of in respect of the occupation of property situate wholly or partly within this parish [or township]*.

Division One. Persons entitled both to be Registered as Parliamentary Voters in respect of the occupation aforesaid and to be enrolled as Burgesses.

JM.n. — 1018 mt

(No. 1) does not contain the names of any parliamentary voters except those entitled in respect of a ten pounds or household qualification.

If the pariah is not in a municipal borough, omit the part between asterisks.

1. Names of Voters in full. Surname being first. 2. Place of Abode. 3. Nature of Qualification. 4. Description of Qualifying Property.

1 Abrahams, Samuel Brown, Thomas - Masters, Abel Smith, William - 12, High Street - ' Wood Villa, Gainsborough. 1, Brick Street -10, High Street House (joint) Shop - Dwelling-house Dwelling-house (successive). 12, High Street. 4, Brick Street. 1, Brick Street. 2, Brick Street. 10, High Street.

Division Two. Persons entitled to be Registered as Parliamentary Voters in respect of the occupation aforesaid, but not to be enrolled as Burgesses.

Name* of Voters in full. Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

Adams, John Stubbs, Thomas - 24, Duke Street 20, High Street - Land Dwelling-house (service). Garden adj oining No. 7, Brick Street. 20, High Street.

Division Three. Persons entitled to be enrolled as Burgesses, but not to be Registered as Parliamentary Voters in respect of the occupation aforesaid.

Names of Voters in fall. Surname being first. Place of Abode Nature of Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

Gardener, Mary -Thompson, Henry 10, Brick Street 14, John Street - Warehouse Shop 6, High Street. 3, Bnck Street.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or C.D. j township] of

48 VICT.

76 Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885.

Schedule 3. No. 2. — List of

The persons entitled to be registered as parliamentary voters for the parliamentary borough of in respect of any right reserved

by sections 31 and 33 of the Reform Act, 1832.

Names of Voters in full, Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property (if any).

Smith, John - 15, Brick Street Inhabitant householder paying scot and lot.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or C.D.] township] of

No. 3. — Old Lodgers List.

If the parish is LIST OF

not situate in a

EoroSthe^rm The persons who being on the register of voters now in force for the S't^div^foifof Parliamentary borough [or division of the county] of

a county or in respect of residence in lodgings within the parish [or township] of

claim, in respect of residence in the same lodgings, to have their names inserted in the list of persons entitled to vote in the election of a member [or members] to serve in Parliament for the said borough [or the borough or division or county of ].

county.

Names of Claimants in full, Surname being first. Description of Rooms occupied, and whether Furnished or not. Street, Lane, or other Place, and Number, if any, of House in which Lodgings are situate. Name and Address of Landlord or other Person to whom Rent is paid. Margin for Objections by Overseers.

1 j 1 1

(Signed) A.B.Overseers of the parish [or C.D. j township] of

Form (E.)

Form of List of Parliamentary Voters for a Parish situate in a Parliamentary Borough, but not in a Municipal Borough.

This form is to be the same as Form D., omitting from List No. 1 the parts between asterisks, and omitting the words "Division One. Persons entitled. &c." forming the heading of division one, and omitting divisions two and three.

1885.

Ch. 15.

77

Registration, 1885.

Form (F.)

Form of List of Burgesses for a Parish wholly or partly situate in a Municipal but not in a Parliamentary Borough, and which was not included in a parliamentary borough merged in a county by the Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

This Form is to be the same as Form D., No. 1, omitting the words "Division one " and " persons entitled, &c." forming the heading of Division one, and omitting all reference to parliamentary voters, and omitting Divisions two and three.

Form (G.)

Form of List of Occupiers in any Parish entitled to be elected Councillors or Aldermen of a Municipal Borough, though not entitled to be on the Burgess Roll of that Borough.

Lists of the persons who are entitled to be elected councillors or aldermen of the municipal bore ugh of in respect of the occupation within the parish [or township] of of any property, but who are not entitled to be on the burgess roll of that borough.

1. 2. 3. 4.

Names of Persons in full, Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or C.D. J township] of

Form (H.)

Form of Notice of Claim.

No. 1. — (Parliamentary and Municipal) (General).

To the overseers of the parish [or township] of 1 claim to have my name inserted among the parliamentary voters for the parliamentary borough of [and burgesses for the municipal

borough of ] in respect of the qualification named below

[and to have my name omitted from the corrupt and illegal practices list].

Dated the day of 18

N-', E.?, £laim, n^ Place of Abode, m full, Surname i being first. | Nature of Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

1

(Signed) .

Note. — If the claim is to be registered both as a parliamentary voter and a burgess in respect of the same property this notice is sufficient and No. 3 need not be serv ed.

Schedule 3.

II the parish is not in a parliamentary borough substitute u division of the county of "county" for ~ parliamentary borough."

78

Ch. 15.

Registration Act, 1885.

48 Vict.

Schedule 3.

If the parish is not situate in a parliamentary through substitute di visit n

of the county " tfr44county h Ur 44 borough."

Omit the words between crone; if they are not applicable.

If the parliamentary borough on the register of which the claimant is entered is merged or altered by the Redistribution Act, substitute in 1885 the parliamentary

borough of ---- , f

for the said

parliamentary

norough."

No. 2. — (Parliamentary) (Lodgers).

To the overseers of the parish [or township of ].

I claim to have my name inserted as a lodger among the parliamentary voters for the borough of in respect of the

qualification named below.

Name of Claimant in foil, Surname being first. Description of Rooms occupied, and whether Furnished or not. Street, Lane, or other Place, and Number (if any) of House in which Lodgings situate. Amount of Rent paid. Name and Address of Landlord or other Person to whom Rent is paid.

Stevens, John William. Two rooms, first floor, furnished. 51, Brick Street 16s. a week William Johnson, 51, Brick Street.

I hereby declare that, I have during the twelve calendar months immediately preceding the fifteenth day of July in this year occupied as 6ole tenant [or as joint tenant with ], and resided in the above-

mentioned lodgings, and that those lodgings are of a clear yearly value, if let unfurnished, of ten [or twenty] pounds or upwards jand I hereby declare that 1 am on the register of parliamentary voters for the said parliamentary borough in respect of the same lodgings as above mentioned, and 1 desire to have my name inserted in the old lodgers list.f

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B. (the claimant)

I, the undersigned, hereby declare that I have witnessed the above signature of the above-named [here state name of ], at the date

stated above, and that I believe the above claim to be correct.

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed), of

[state residence and calling of witness.']

Note. — If the claim is in respect of different rooms successively occupied as lodgings in the same house, the notice of claim must specify each room, or set of rooms, so occupied.

If the claimant is on the register in respect of the same lodgings, and desires to have his name inserted in the old lodgers list published on or before the first day of August, he must send in his claim on or before the twenty-fifth day of July.

In any other case he must send it in after the last day of July, and on or before the twentieth day of August.

If there are two joint lodgers, the yearly value of the lodgings must be twenty pounds or upwards.

No. 3. — (Municipal).

To the overseers of the parish [or township] of

I claim to have my name inserted in the list of burgesses of the municipal borough of in respect of the qualification

1885.

Ch. 15

79

Registration Act, 1885.

named below [and 1 claim to have my name omitted from the corrupt and Schedule 3. Illegal practices list].

Dated the day of 18 .

Name of Claimant in full. Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

(Signed)

Form (I.)

Form of Notice of Objection.

No. 1 (Parliamentary and Municipal).

Notice op Objection to be given to Overseers.

To the overseers of the parish [or township] of 1 hereby give you notice that 1 object to the name of being retained on the list as a parliamentary voter for the

parliamentary borough of [and as a burgess for the

municipal borough of ] [and to the omission of the said name from the corrupt and illegal practices list].

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B.

[place of abode']

on the list of parliamentary voters and burgesses for the parish [or township] of

If the parish is not in a parliamentary borough substitute " division of the county of " county " for " parliamentary borough."

No. 2 (Parliamentary and Municipal).

Notice of Objection to be given to Person objected to.

To Mr.

I hereby give you notice that I object to your name being retained on the list as a parliamentary voter for the parliamentary

borough of [and as a burgess for the municipal

borough of ] [and to the omission of the said name

from the corrupt and illegal practices list] on the following grounds, viz.: —

1. That [e.g., vou have not occupied for twelve months to July 15th]

2. That

3.

Dated the day of 18.

(Signed) A.B, of [place of abode], on the list of parliamentary voters [and burgesses] for the parish [or township] of

Note. — The notice of objection in each of the above two cases, Nog. 1 and 2, should, if there is more than one list, specify the list, and if the list referred to is made out iu divisions, should specify the division, to which the objection refers; and if the list contains two or more persons of the same name, should distinguish the person intended to be objected to.

If the notice refers to Division one the reference to a burges3 may be inserted, and in such case these notices are sufficient, and Nos. 3 and need not be served.

48 VICT.

80 Ch. la. Registration Act, 1885.

Schedule 3. No- 3 (MUNICIPAL).

Notice of Objection to be given to Ovebseebs.

To the overseers of the parish [or township] of

I hereby give you notice that I object to the name of being retained on the list of burgesses of the municipal borough of [and to the omission of the said name from the corrupt and illegal practices list].

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B., of [place of abode], on the list of burgesses for the parish [or township] of

No. 4 (Municipal).

Notice of Objection to be given to Pebsox objected to.

To Mr.

I hereby give you notice that I object to your name being retained on the list of burgesses of the municipal borough of on the following grounds, viz.: —

1. That [e.g., you have not occupied for twelve months to July 15th],

2. That

3.

Dated the day of

(Signed) A.B., of [place of abode"], on the list of burgesses for the

parish [or township] of

Note. — The notice of objection in each of the above two cases, Nos. 3 and 4, should, if there is more than one list, specify the list, and if the list is made out in divisions, should specify the division to which the objection refers; and if the list contains two or more persons of the same name, should distinguish the person intended to be objected to.

Form (K.)

Form of List of Claimants to be Published by the Overseers. No. 1. — Genebal List of Claimants (Pabliamentaby and Municipal).

List of claimants (parliamentary and municipal).

If the parish is not in a parliamentary borough substitute " division of the county of " county " for " parliamentary borough."

The following persons claim to have their names inserted in division one of the occupiers list for the parish [or township] of as

parliamentary voters for the parliamentary borough of, [and

burgesses for the municipal borough of ].

Name of Claimant in full, Surname being first. Place of Nature of Description of Qualifying Property.

Abode. Qualification.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers for the parish [or C.D. J township] of

Note. — Form No. 1 applies where the occupiers list is made out in divisions, and to persons who claim to be entered in division one of that list, both as parliamentary voters and as burgesses.

1885.

Ch. 15.

81

Registration Act, 1885.

No. 2. — General List of Claimants (Parliamentary).

The following persons claim otherwise than as lodgers to have their names inserted in the lists of parliamentary voters for the parliamentary borough of

Name of Claimant in full. Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

* (Signed) 1 Overseers for the parish [or

C.D. j township] of Note. — This form applies to claims —

(a) where the occupiers list is not made out in divisions; and (5) if the occupiers list is made out in divisions to claims by persons to be inserted in division two of that list, or in the reserved rights list.

Any claim to be omitted from the corrupt and illegal practices list shall be added to the foregoing list of claimants.

No. 3. — List of Lodger Claimants (Parliamentary).

The following persons claim as lodgers to have their names inserted in the lists of parliamentary voters for the parliamentary borough of

Name of Claimant in full. Surname being first. Description of Rooms occupied, and whether Furnished or not. Street, Lane, or other Place, and Number (if any) of House in which Lodgings are situate. Amount of Rent paid. Nume and Address of Landlord or other Person to whom Rent is paid.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers for the parish [or C.D. j township] of

In this Form the particulars should be copied from the claims sent in.

No. 4. — List of Claimants (Municipal).

The following persons claim to have their names inserted in the burgess roll for the municipal borough of

Name of Claimant in full. Place of Nature of Description of Qualifying

Surname being first. Abode. Qualification. Property.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or

C.D. J township] of

Schedule 3.

List of claimants (general). II the parish is not in a parliamentary borough substitute " division of the county"

" county " for " parliamentary borough."

List of lodger claimants.

If the parish is not in a parliamentary Dorough substitute " division of the county of " oounty " for " parliamentary borough."

List of

claimants

(burgesses).

82

Schedule 3.

Ch. 15. Registration, 1885. 48 Vict.

Any claim to be omitted from the corrupt and illegal practices list must be added to the above list.

This list need not include the names of persons who claim, where the occupiers list is made out in divisions, to be entered in division one of that list.

List of persons objected to (general).

If the parish is not in a parliamentary borough

substitute "--

division of the county" or " county " for " parliamentary borough."

List of persons objected to (general).

If the parish is not in a parliamentary borough

substitute "--

division of the county of " county " for " parliamentary borough."

Form (L.)

Form of List of Persons objected to to be Published by the Overseers. No. 1. — List of Persons objected to (Parliamentary and Municipal).

The following persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their names retained on division one of the occupiers list of parliamentary voters for the parliamentary borough of and of burgesses for the municipal borough of

Name of Person objected to in full, Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

(Signed) 1 Overseers of the parish [or

C.D. j township] of

Note. — This Form applies only where the occupiers list is made out in divisions, and to persons objected to who appear in division one of that list.

No. 2. — List of Persons objected to (Parliamentary).

The following persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their names retained on the lists of parliamentary

voters for the parliamentary borough of

Name of Person objected to in full. Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

(Signed) A.B. "I Overseers of the parish [or C.D. j township] of

Note. — This list applies to objections to persons whose names —

(a) where the occupiers list is not made out in divisions appear in that list or in the reserved rights list; and

(b) where the occupiers list is made out in divisions appear in division two of that list, or in the reserved rights list.

Any objection to the omission of a person from the corrupt and illegal practices list shall be added to the foregoing list.

1885. Registration Act, 1885. Ch. 15.

No. 3. — List of Lodgers objected to (Parliamentary).

The following persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their names retained on the list of persons entitled in respect of residence in lodgings to be parliamentary voters for the parliamentary borough of

Name of Person objected to in fall. Surname being first. Description of Rooms occupied, and whether Furnished or not. Street, Lane, or other Place, and Number (if any) of House in which Lodgings are situate. Name and Address of Landlord or other Person to whom Rent is paid.

(Signed) 1 Overseers of the parish

township] of

S'otc. — This form applies only to lodgers on the old lodgers list who are objected to. The list of lodgers so objected to should form a separate list from that of other persons objected to.

No. 4___List of Persons objected to (Municipal).

The following ‘persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their names retained on the burgess lists for the municipal borough of *.

Name of Person objected to in full, Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification. Description of Qualifying Property.

(Signed) A.B. 1 Overseers of the parish [or . j township] of

This Form applies only to objections to persons whose names —

(a) where the occupiers list is made out in divisions, appear in the third division of that list; and (5) where there is a list of burgesses made in Form F., appear in that list.

Any objection to the omission of a person from the corrupt and illegal practices list shall be added to the foregoing list.

Form (M.)

Declaration for correcting misdescription in List.

I, of No. in the parish

of in the parliamentary borough of in

the [division of the] county of and

83

Schedule 3.

List of persons objected to (lodgers).

If the parish is not in a parliamentary borough

substitute "--

division of the county of " county '' for " parliamentary borough."

List of persons objected to (burgesses).

84

Schedule 3.

I

The person before whom the declaration is made should affix his official description.

The list should be referred to in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

Omit the words between crosses if the objection is wholly withdrawn.

The notice should be signed in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

Ch. 15. Registration Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

in the municipal borough of [ay the case may be], do

solemnly and sincerely declare as follows: —

1. I am the person referred to in division of

the list of parliamentary voters and burgesses made out in divisions [or in the list of (specifying the particular list)'] made out for the parish [or township] of, by an entry as follows: —

Name as described in List. Place of Abode as described in List. Nature of Qualification as described in list Description of Qualifying Property.

Brown, John High Street Shop --- 2, Shire Lane.

2. My correct name and place of abode and the correct particulars respecting my qualification are, and ought to be, stated for the purposes of the register of parliamentary voters for the parliamentary borough [or [division of the] county] of

[and the burgess roll about to be made up of burgesses for the municipal borough of (as the case may 5e)], as follows: —

Correct Name. Correct place of ' Correct nature of I Correct Description of

Abode. Qualification., Qualifying Property.

Brown, Joseph - 15, High Street - House - 24, Shire Lane.

Dated this day of 18 .

(Signed)

Made and subscribed before "| me this day >

of 18 J

A.B.

Justice of the peace for

Note. — This form must be adapted to suit, the various lists.

Form (N.)

Notice of Withdrawal of Objection.

No. 1. — Notice to the Person objected to.

To Mr.

' I hereby give you notice that I withdraw my objection to your name being retained on the list of

|so far as regards the ground of objection numbered in my notice to you of

such objection, f

Dated the day of 18

(Signed)

1885.

Ch. 15.

85

Registration, 1883.

No. 2. — Notice to the Town Clerk.

To the Town Clerk of

I hereby give you notice that I withdraw my objection to the name of

being retained on the list

of fso far as regards the ground of objection

numbered in my notice to him of such

objection.!

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed)

Form (0.)

Schedule 3.

The list should be referred to in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

Omit the words between crosses if the objection is wholly withdrawn.

The notice should be signed in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

Notice Reviving an Objection.

No. 1. — Notice to the Person objected to.

To Mr.

I hereby give you notice that I revive the objection which was made by, since deceased, to your name being retained on the list of fso far as regards the

ground of objection numbered in the

notice to you of such objection.!

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed)

The list should be referred to in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

Omit the words between crosses if the objection is wholly revived. The notice should be signed in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

No. 2. — Notice to the Town Clerk.

To the Town Clerk of 1 hereby give you notice that I revive the objection which was made by, since deceased, to the name of being retained on the list of !so far as regards

the ground of objection numbered in the notice

to the person objected to of such objection.!

Dated the day of 18

(Signed)

The list should be referred to in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

Omit the words between crosses if the objection is wholly revised The notice should be signed in the manner prescribed for the notice of objection.

Form (P.)

Form of Voter's Notice of Selection in the case of duplicate Entries.

To the Revising Barrister for the parliamentary borough of I hereby elect to vote in respect of the following entry in the list of voters for the parish [or township] of

- Name of Voter in fall. Surname being first. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Description of qualifying Property.

(Signed) A.B.

Note. — The foregoing form should he filled up with a copy of the entry in the list of voters which the voter wishes to have retained for voting.

The notice shonld specify the list, and, if the list is made out in divisions, the division in which the entry referred to appears.

86

Ch. 16. Registration Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1885. 48 Vict:

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend the Law regulating the Registration of Voters in Scotland; and for other purposes relating thereto.

[21st May 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title.; X. This Act may be cited as the Registration Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1885.

Definition. 2. In this Act the expression "Registration Acts " shall have the-

c. 3. 49 Ct same meaning as in the Representation of the People Act, 1884.

Power of Her 3. — (1.) It shall be lawful for the Queen by Order in Council

Majesty in to prescribe the forms necessary for carrying into effect the Regis-

scribe forms"" ^rat^on Acts and this Act, including the form of the valuation

roll, with power to substitute any form for any form contained in

any schedule to the Registration Acts.

Publication, (2.) An Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the

variation, and Edinburgh Gazette, " and be laid before both Houses of Parliament effect of Order. ... A ' ,

forthwith after it is made.

(3.) It shall be lawful for the Queen by Order in Council from

time to time to add to or vary an Order in Council made under

Form of valuation roll.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 83.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 48.

Assessor may call for a list of inhabitant occupiers.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 3.

this Act.

(4.) The valuation roll shall be in the form contained in the schedule to this Act until such form is altered by the Queen by Order in Council as aforesaid; and section five of the County Voters Registration (Scotland) Act, 1861, is hereby repealed and section four of the said Act and section sixteen of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 18U8, are hereby repealed m so far as these sections provide that the name of the person to whom the amount of feu duty, ground annual, or other yearly consideration payable as a condition of his right by any proprietor, is to be entered in the valuation roll Provided that the second column of the valuation roll, headed " description and situation of subject/' may be printed for any county without subdivision if the Commissioners of Supply of such county shall so determine.

4. It shall be lawful for any assessor acting under the Registration Acts, instead of using the means of obtaining information for the purposes of registration provided by section nine of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, to call upon every person rated or liable to be rated in respect of the occupation of any lands and heritages which comprise any dwelling-house, or on some agent of such person concerned in the management of such lands and heritages, for an accurate written list of the names and occupations of all persons, other than such person, being inhabitant occupiers of any dwelling-house, and the month and year in which they began to occupy such dwelling-house, forming part of such lands and heritages, together with the situation or description of such dwelling-house; and if any such person or agent fails to furnish such written statement to the assessor within fourteen days after he has been required in writing so to do, he shall be liable, on summary con-

1885. Registration Amendment (Scotlan), 1885. Ch. 16. 87

viction, to the same penalty as is enacted in similar cases by section seven of the Act passed in the Session of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-one.

5. Any person deemed to be an inhabitant occupier as tenant Special pro-

under section three of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, as to

shall be registered in like manner as if the Representation of the T0 m People Act, 1884, had been in force throughout the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and had been duly carried into effect

6. In every future valuation roll to be made up in any county or Dwelling-

burgh the assessor shall specify each dwelling-house within the entered^ meaning of the Representation of the People Act, 1884. valuation roll.

7. Where a parish is divided into or forms part of more than Register in

one polling district, the register of voters in such parish shall be dlvi.dfi made up separately for each polling district paM es *

8. Where any burgh has ceased as a burgh to return or to Register in contribute to return a member to Parliament, the register of voters Parl, ""lentaiT shall continue to be made up separately, but the duties hitherto j" performed by the town clerk shall be performed by the sheriff

clerk.

9. So much of section two of an Act passed in the session of the Advertisement sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, polling chapter twenty-eight, as enacts that no increase or alteration of ^unTies. polling places and districts in counties shall be made until notice 18 & 17 vict> thereof has been given by advertisement for six weeks in the " North c. 28.

British Advertiser " and the " Edinburgh Gazette, " and in the several newspapers published within the county, is hereby repealed, and it

shall be sufficient if such increase or alteration is advertised for two successive weeks in a newspaper or newspapers published or circulating in the county as the sheriff may direct

10. Where any county has been divided for the purposes of Par- Registration

liamentary representation, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners whe^v*J^t:es of Supply to appoint the present assessor or assessors for such V1 e *

county to make up the register of voters in the several divisions

of the county and to apportion the divisions among the assessors in such manner as the Commissioners may determine, but until they shall otherwise determine, the assessor now appointed for the purpose of making up the register of any division, or the greater part of the area thereof, shall continue to act as the assessor for such division.

11. It shall not be lawful for any assessor, whether appointed Assessor not before or after the passing of this Act, to be a sheriff clerk or clerk JJ

of supply, or a collector of poor rates, or to be employed as a factor factor for heritable property, or land agent, in the county or burgh for which he may be the assessor.

12. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any Printing of county, or the magistrates of any burgh, to resolve at any meeting valuation roll, of their number, ordinary or special, duly called, and by a mnjority

of those attending and voting, that the valuation roll of such county or burgh shall be printed for any period of years not exceeding ten, and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or magistrates to enter into contracts for printing the same, and the expenses of such

88

30 & 31 Vict. c. 80.

Joint occupation of lodgings.

31 & 33 Vict. c. 48.

48 & 49 Vict c. 3.

Declaration of lodger to be prim& facie evidence.

Remuneration, of collectors of poor rates.

Additional officers for registration in

1885.

Double entries of voters.

Ch. 16. Registration Amendment () Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

printing shall be deemed to be part of the expenses of making up such roll, and shall be assessed for and levied accordingly:Provided always, that notice of the intention to move such resolution shall be inserted in the notice calling the meeting at which it is to be moved.

And section ten of the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1867, is hereby repealed.

13. Where lodgings are jointly occupied by more than one lodger, and the clear yearly value of the lodgings if let unfurnished is of an amount which when divided by the number of the lodgers gives a sum of not less than ten pounds for each lodger, then each lodger, if otherwise qualified, and subject to the conditions of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, and of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, shall be entitled to be registered, and when registered to vote as a lodger, provided that not more than two persons, being such joint lodgers, shall be entitled to be registered in respect of such lodgings.

14. In the case of a person claiming to vote as a lodger, the declaration annexed to his notice of claim shall for the purposes of revision be prima facie evidence of his qualification.

15. For the duties imposed upon them by sections eighteen and nineteen of the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, collectors of poor rates shall be entitled to remuneration at the rate of six shillings for every hundred names, and such remuneration shall be paid as part of the expenses of registration in counties and burghs respectively.

16. Luring the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five —

(1.) It shall be lawful for the assessors, with the consent of the Commissioners of Supply and of the town council, in counties and burghs respectively, to employ such assistants as may be necessary in order to complete the registration of voters at every stage at the proper date;

(2.) It shall be lawful for the sheriff to appoint such number of substitutes as he thinks necessary to assist in the revision of the list of voters, such substitutes shall have the qualifications required by law for a salaried sheriff-substitute, and shall be paid at the rate of seven guineas per day;

All expenses under this section shall be paid as part of the expenses of registration in counties and burghs respectively.

17. (1.) When the name of a person appears to be entered more than once as a voter on the lists of voters for the same parliamentary county or for the same burgh, the sheriff when revising the lists shall inquire whether such entries relate to the same person, and on proof that such entries relate to the same person shall retain one entry and strike out the others.

(2.) The said person may select the entry to be retained by notice in writing delivered or sent by post to the sheriff clerk at or before the opening of the first court at which the sheriff revises any of the lists in which any such entries appear, or by application made by such person Or on his behalf at the first sitting of the court for the revision of such lists.

89

1885. Registration Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1885. Ch. 16.

(3.) If no selection is so made the entry to be retained shall be determined as follows:—

(a.) In counties: —

(i.) If one only of the entries is an entry on the list of voters as proprietor, that entry shall be retained; and (ii.) If all or none of the entries are on the list of voters as proprietor, and one of the entries is the place of residence of the voter, the entry in respect of the place of residence shall be retained; and (iii.) In any other case the entry which is first reached by the sheriff in revising the lists shall be retained:

(b.) In burghs: —

(i.) If one of the entries is the place of residence of the voter, the entry in respect of the place of residence shall be retained; and

(ii.) In any other case the entry which is first reached by the sheriff in revising the lists shall be retained: and both in counties and in burghs, if any such entry to be retained is objected to, the sheriff shall not finally strike out any other entry until the objection to the entry to be retained has been determined by him in favour of the voter.

(4.) Where a burgh is divided into divisions and, notwithstanding the provisions of this section, the name of a person is entered in the register of parliamentary voters of more than one division of the said burgh, and one of these entries is Iris place of residence, he shall be entitled to vote only in that division in which he is registered as a voter in respect of his place of residence, and shall not vote in respect of any other entry.

(5.) In this section the expression "parliamentary county" means a county returning or contributing to retnm a member or members to serve in Parliament; and, where a county is divided for the purpose of such return, means a division of such county.

SCHEDULE.

Page__________

Valuation Roll for the Burgh [or County] of________for the

Year 188 -188 . Parish.

No. Description and Situation oi Subject. PRO- PRIE- TOR. TEN- ANT. OCCU- PIER. INHABITANT OCCUPIER not rated (48 Vict. c. S.ss.8 A 8). FEU DUTY or GROUND ANNUAL. YEARLY RENT OR VALUE.

Description. I Situa-| tion.

No.

DO

Special provisions as to voters in 1885. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 3.

Separate rating not to be necessary for household qualification.

Forms.

Correction of list by revising barrister.

Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the law relating to the Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[21st May 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any person shall be qualified to be registered as a voter in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five who would have been so qualified if the provisions of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, respecting the household franchise, and respecting persons deemed to be inhabitant occupiers, and the entry of the names of persons on the rate book had been in force throughout the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and had been duly carried into effect; and where a rate has been made before the passing of this Act, the name of every such person if not entered in the rate book shall be added thereto, either in a separate column of the rate book, or in a separate list, or otherwise, as may bejnost convenient.

2. For the purposes of the household qualification created by the Representation of the People Act, 1884, separate rating of a dwelling-house, or part of a dwelling-house, separately occupied, shall not be necessary to entitle the inhabitant occupier of same to be registered as a voter in respect thereof.

3. The forms contained in the First Schedule to this Act, or forms to the like effect, may be used for the purposes of the Parliamentary Registration Acts and this Act, in substitution for the corresponding forms used for the same purposes before the passing of this Act, provided that the Lord Lieutenant, by Order in Council, may amend or alter the said forms; and any precept, notice, list, document, or thing relating to the registration of parliamentary voters, made or done in the form in the said schedule contained, or prescribed by such Order in Council, or as near thereto as circumstances may require, shall be deemed to be sufficient in law.

4. Where, on the revision of the list or lists of voters for any count}-, city, town, or borough in Ireland, the matter stated in a list or claim, or proved to the revising barrister in relation to any alleged right to be on any list, is, in the judgment of the revising barrister, insufficient in law to constitute a qualification of the nature or description stated or claimed, but sufficient in law to constitute a qualification of some other nature or description, the revising barrister, if the name is entered in a list for which such true qualification in law is appropriate, shall correct such entry by inserting such qualification accordingly, and in any other case shall insert the name with such qualification in the appropriate list, and shall expunge it from the other list, if any, in which it is entered, except as herein provided; and whether any person is objected to or not, no evidence shall be given of any other qualification than that which is described in the list or claim, as the case may be, nor shall the revising barrister be at liberty to change the description of

91

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 17.

the qualification as it appears in the list, except for the purpose of more clearly and accurately defining the same.

5. Medical or surgical assistance or the giving of medicine, under Dispensary

any Act relating to Medical Charities in Ireland, shall not he deemed to

to constitute relief under the Acts for the more effectual Relief of

the Destitute Poor in Ireland within the meaning of the Representation of the People Acts.

6. The disqualifications created by section one hundred and eleven Disqualifica-of the Parliamentary Voters Act, 1850, shall apply to freemen, and the town clerk shall supply to the clerk of the union a copy of the 13 & 14 vict roll of freemen, and the clerk of the union shall return to the c. 69. town clerk the copy of the roll, having marked " objected " before the name of every freeman who has incurred the disqualification aforesaid.

7. Where any person claiming to occupy or to have occupied a Technical dwelling-house, lands, or tenements, was evicted from such premises °£ha]1 for nonpayment of rent during the qualifying period of occupation, noTd^uaHfy. but was subsequently reinstated in the possession of same by payment during the period of redemption, such person shall be deemed, notwithstanding such eviction, to have been in occupation of said premises during the whole of the qualifying period if he can show

that he has paid the poor rates for such qualifying period.

8. If any person feels aggrieved by the judge of a Revision Court Appeal where neglecting or refusing to state any case in accordance with the enact- Chairman or ments of the Registration Acts, he may within one month after

such neglect or refusal apply to the High Court of Justice upon refuses to state

affidavit of the facts for a rule calling on the judge of the Revision a case-

Court, and also on the person, if any, in whose favour the decision from which the applicant desires to appeal was given, to show cause why a rule should not be made directing the appeal to be entertained

and the case to he stated. And thereupon the High Court or any judge thereof may make such rule to show cause, and make the same absolute or discharge it with costs against the party obtaining such rule or without costs as may seem just; and the judge of the Revision Court shall conform to any such rule if made absolute, and the case shall be stated and the appeal entertained and heard, notwithstanding any limitation of time or place contained in the Registration Acts.

9. — (1.) For the purpose of dividing a county in Ireland into Polling dis-polling districts, and assigning polling places for such polling districts, trict8 *

in such manner as may be convenient for taking the votes of electors in accordance with the divisions into parliamentary constituencies, and so that every polling district may be wholly included in some one parliamentary constituency, the enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act shall be re-enacted, and shall be deemed to form part of this Act, subject to the amendments thereof set out in that schedule.

(2.) The first registration of voters after new polling districts have been constituted in any county under this Act, shall be made in the manner provided by law for the first registration of voters after new polling districts had been constituted under the said enactments, and the forms of precepts, lists, and notices prescribed

92

Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act 1885. 48 Vict.

by the Registration Acts shall be adapted to such new polling districts.

(3.) Not later than one month after the passing of this Act the Town Councils of the City of Dublin and the town of Belfast shall respectively take into consideration the division of the boroughs of Dublin and Belfast into polling districts, and shall respectively divide such boroughs anew into polling districts, in such manner as may be convenient for taking the votes of electors in accordance with the division of such boroughs into parliamentary constituencies; and so that every polling district may be wholly included in some one parliamentary constituency.

Not later than one month after the passing of this Act the town councils or town commissioners of the other boroughs in Ireland shall respectively take into consideration the divisions of such boroughs into polling districts, and shall respectively divide such boroughs into polling districts in such manner as may be most convenient for taking the votes of electors, and so that as nearly as possible an equal number of electors may be allotted to poll in each district.

The said Town Councils and Town Commissioners may respectively from time to time alter any division into polling districts made by them under this Act, and shall respectively publish a description of the polling districts made by them under this Act, in such manner as they think fit.

The register of voters shall be made up in separate lists for each polling district

(4.) It upon any revision under the Registration Acts it appears to the court that in any list the name of any person is by mistake inserted in one polling district instead of in another, the court shall correct such mistake; and with a view to making such correction, it shall be the duty of the court to compare every list presented for revision in a county or borough with the order for the time being in force dividing such county or borough into polling districts.

Power to 10. The Lord Lieutenant may, if he thinks it necessary, appoint

appoint addi- one or more barrister or barristers, of not less than six years standing banLtaij!8lDe at the bar, to act with the chairman or revising barrister of any county or borough in revising the list of voters in such county or borough in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

The chairman or revising barrister, and the person or'persons so appointed, shall arrange for the distribution between them of the business of such revision. The person so appointed may proceed to hold a revision court in the county or borough for which he is appointed, notwithstanding that the chairman or revising barrister thereof has not then commenced, or is not proceeding with, the revision in such county or borough.

Every barrister so appointed shall have the same powers in every respect in regard to such revision as a chairman has under the Registration Acts, and shall be paid as remuneration for his services, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, such sums as the Lord Lieutenant, with the consent of the Treasury, may determine.

In any county or borough in which more revision courts than one are appointed to sit at the same time it shall be lawful for the clerk of the peace, with the approval of the Lord Chancellor, to nominate

93

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 17.

a person to attend before any of such courts other than that before which such clerk of the peace himself attends, and to discharge the duties imposed by law upon the clerk of the peace in respect of such revision.

The person so appointed shall be paid, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, such remuneration for his services as the Lord Chancellor, with the sanction of the Treasury, may determine.

11. There shall be paid to every clerk of the peace who is not in receipt of a salary out of a vote of Parliament, and to every town clerk, and to the clerk of a union, and to the several collectors of poor rates of a union, and to the collector-general of rates in Dublin, such sum, by way of remuneration for additional duties, if any, required to be discharged by them in carrying out the registration of voters in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, as the Local Government Board, having regard to the number of voters placed upon the register in each county and borough, and to the other circumstances of each case, may award.

Such sum shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

12. The commissioners of the townships of Pembroke and Black-rock shall repay to the treasurer of the corporation of Dublin so much of the expense incurred by the corporation in carrying the Parliamentary Registration Acts into effect, in this and every subsequent year, as is properly chargeable to those townships respectively, having regard to the total number of electors registered in that year for the borough of Dublin, and to the number of electors registered in that year for the borough of Dublin in respect of qualifying premises situated in such townships respectively.

Such payments shall be made by the commissioners of the said townships out of the rates applicable by them respectively for the general purposes of the township.

In case any dispute arises as to the amount properly chargeable to either township in any year, it shall be referred to the arbitration of the Local Government Board for Ireland, who, after an inquiry into the matter, at which both the parties shall be entitled to be represented and to give evidence, shall make an award, which shall be binding upon the corporation of Dublin and upon the commissioners of such township.

13. The lists of voters may be made out either alphabetically or by streets, and the authority having power to divide constituencies into polling districts may direct in which way lists shall be made out.

14. As regards the registers of voters to be made in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, no election shall be questioned by reason of any error or informality whatsoever in relation to the filling up the forms or lists, the forming, printing, publishing, revising, or completing the lists of voters, or the register of voters, for any county or borough, or by reason of any matter or thing not having been done within the time limited by law for that purpose. The signature of the chairman or revising barrister, or his deputy, to such register shall be conclusive evidence that such register has been in all respects duly made and revised at the time

Temporary provision for the remuneration of local officials.

Contribution to cost of registration in borough of Dublin.

List of voters.

Informalities in registration shall not affect validity of register.

94

Collectors shall give assistance in serving notices.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 3.

Return of deaths.

Clerk of the peace to keep sufficient sup* ply of forms, &c.

Registers, &c. shall be open to inspection, and copies given.

Publication of register, &c.

Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

and in the manner prescribed by and in conformity with the Parliamentary Registration Acts and this Act.

15. The collectors of poor rate in a union shall assist in carrying into effect the duties imposed upon the clerk of the union or upon the board of guardians by the ninth section of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, by serving the notices mentioned in that section, and otherwise.

16. The superintendent registrar of births and deaths in every union in which the clerk of the union is not himself such superintendent registrar, shall, on or before the first of July in every year, transmit to the clerk of the union a return, certified under his hand to be a true return, of the names, ages, and residences of all male persons of full age who may have died within his district during the period from the preceding first of July, with, the dates of their deaths respectively.

17. A sufficient supply of copies of all the forms of notices of claim and objection set forth in the First and Third Schedules to this Act shall be kept in every county at the office of the clerk of the peace for such county, and at the office of each clerk to a board of guardians of a union any part of which lies within such county, and in a parliamentary borough at the office of the town clerk, and copies of such forms of notices shall be given free of charge to any person applying for the same on any day, between ten of the clock in the forenoon and four of the clock in the afternoon, except Sunday or Bank holiday, up to the end of the period within which such notices respectively may be served.

18. A copy of every register, list, or other document made out or otherwise dealt with for the purpose of registration of voters by any clerk of the peace, clerk of the union, town clerk, or other official, shall be open to inspection and perusal by every person desiring to inspect and peruse it, at any time between ten of the dock in the forenoon and four o'clock in the afternoon of any day except Sunday or Bank holiday, during a period of not less than fourteen days, provided that the said documents are still within his power, procurement, or control, after such official has completed such register, list, or other document, and the offidal having custody of notices of claim and notices of objection shall submit them to the like inspection and perusal; and, during the said period, every official having the custody of such register, list, or other document shall supply a copy of it to every person requiring the same according to the rates set forth in form twenty-nine of the First Schedule to this Act, and every such official shall give public notice of his readiness to allow such inspection and perusal, and to provide such copies, at one place at least in every poor law union situate wholly or partly within the county, to be specified in such notice.

19. A copy of every register, list, notice, or other document directed by . this Act or by any other of the Parliamentary Registration Acts to be published, is to be published by fixing a copy thereof in a conspicuous position outside every court-house, petty sessions court, municipal hall, poor law dispensary, constabulary barrack, office of clerk of the union, office of clerk of the peace, post office, and postal telegraph office, and everything so published must remain there during a period including two consecutive Sundays at least

95

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 17.

next after the first day of publication; and if any portion of a register, list, notice, or other document so published is destroyed, mutilated, defaced, or removed, the person responsible for its publication is forthwith to place another to the same effect in its place.

20. Any notice of objection given under sections twenty-six or thirty-six of the Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) Act, 1850, to any person on any list of claimants may be given according to the provisions of either of those sections respectively; but, with that exception, no notice of objection given under the said Act to any person upon any list of voters shall be valid unless the ground or grounds of objection be specifically stated therein; and this provision shall be deemed to be sufficiently satisfied by naming the column or columns of the register on which the objector grounds his objection, and any objection grounded upon any one of the said columns shall be deemed a separate ground of objection, and such notice may be according to the form in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, or to the like effect, in substitution for the forms numbered (12) in Schedule (A.) and (15) in Schedule (B.) respectively to the Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) Act, 1850.

21. No person objected to by a notice under the Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) Act, 1850, as amended by this Act, shall be required to give evidence before the revising barrister in support of his right to be registered otherwise than as such right is called in question in the ground or grounds of objection specified in the notice.

22. Every separate ground of objection in any notice given in accordance with this Act shall be treated by the revising barrister as a separate objection; and for every such ground of objection which, in the opinion of the revising barrister, has been groundlessly or frivolously and vexatiously stated, he shall, on the application of the person objected to, or anyone on his behalf, and upon the production of the notice of objection, award costs against the objector to the amount of at least two shillings and sixpence, and this though the name of the person objected to be expunged upon some other ground of objection stated in the same notice of objection.

23. The sum ordered to be paid by way of costs shall not upon any one vote exceed the sum of five pounds, and the sixty-second section of the Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) Act, 1850, shall be read as if the words "five pounds " had been substituted therein for the words "twenty shillings."

24. Every revising barrister acting for a borough, or holding his court in a town containing, according to the last published census, more than four thousand inhabitants, shall hold at least one evening sitting of his court in such borough or town.

An evening sitting shall commence not earlier than six nor later than seven of the clock in the evening, and shall be of such duration as shall be, in the opinion of the revising barrister, reasonable.

Special notice or notices of each evening sitting shall be published by the town clerk or clerk of the peace respectively in such manner as the revising barrister may direct.

25. A revising barrister may by summons under his hand or under the hand of the clerk of the peace require any person to attend at the court and give evidence or produce documents for the

Notices of objection shall state grounds of objection.

Evidence of person objected to.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69.

Each ground of objection to be treated as a separate objection.

Co6ts to be awarded not to exceed 5/.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 62.

Evening sittings of revision court.

Power of revising barrister to summon witnesses.

96

Costs of appeal.

Duties and powers of court of revision.

Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) 1885. 48 Vict.

purpose of the revision; and any person who, after the tender to him of a reasonable amount for his expenses, fails so to attend, or who fails to answer any question put to him by the revising barrister in pursuance of this section, or to produce any document which he is required in pursuance of this section to produce, shall be liable to pay a fine not exceeding five pounds and not less than twenty shillings. Such fine may be imposed by the revising barrister at his discretion, and may be recovered in the same manner as any other fine imposed by the Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) Act, 1850, is now by law recoverable.

26. The costs of an appellant against a decision of a revising barrister may, if the appeal is successful, be ordered by the court hearing the appeal to be paid by the clerk of the peace or town clerk named as respondent in the said appeal, whether he shall or shall not appear before the said court in support of the decision.

For enabling an appellant to obtain such an order he may, at or before the time of making his declaration of appeal under section fifty-eight of the Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) Act, 1850, require the revising barrister to name the clerk of the peace for the county, or the town clerk for the parliamentary borough, as the case may be, to which the appeal relates, to be respondent in the appeal.

The revising barrister, if so required, shall, and in any case may, name such clerk of the peace or town clerk, as the case may be, to be respondent in an appeal, either alone or in addition to any other person referred to in section fifty-nine of the Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) Act, 1850.

The expenses properly incurred by a clerk of the peace or town clerk as respondent, including any costs which he may be ordered to pay to the appellant in any such appeal, shall be allowed to him as part of the expenses incurred by him in respect of the revision of the list to which the appeal relates.

The costs of an appeal against a decision of a revising barrister shall be in the discretion of the court hearing the appeal.

27. The court shall, with respect to the lists of parliamentary voters which it is appointed to revise, perform the duties and have the powers following:

(1.) It shall correct any mistake which is proved to have been made in any list:

(2.) It may correct any mistake which is proved to have been made in any claim or notice of objection:

(3.) It shall expunge the name of every person, whether objected to or not, whose qualification as stated in any list is insufficient in law to entitle such person to be included therein:

(4.) It shall expunge the name of every person who, whether objected to or not, is proved to be dead:

(5.) It shall expunge the name of every person, whether objected to or not, whose name or place of abode, or the nature of whose qualification, or the name or situation of whose qualifying property if the qualification is in respect of property, or any other particulars respecting whom by Jaw required to be stated in the list, is or are either wholly omitted or in the judgment of the revising barrister insufficiently described for the purpose of being identified, unless the matter or matters so omitted or

97

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 17.

insufficiently described be supplied to the satisfaction of the court before it shall have completed the revision of the list in which the omission or insufficient description occurs, and in case such matter or matters shall be so supplied the court shall then and there insert the same in such list:

(6.) It shall expunge the name of every person, whether objected to or not, where it is proved to the revising barrister that such person was, on the twentieth day of July then next preceding, incapacitated by any law or statute from voting:

(7.) Before expunging from a list the name of any person not objected to, the court shall cause such notice, if any, as shall appear necessary or proper under the circumstances of the proposal to expunge the name to be given to or left at the usual or last known place of abode of such person:

(8.) Subject as herein and otherwise by law provided, the court shall retain the name of every person not objected to, and also of every person objected to, unless the objector appears by himself or by some person on his behalf in support of his objection:

(9.) If any objector other than the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or a clerk of union, or collector-general, so appears, the court of revision shall require him to prove that he gave the notice or notiees of objection required by law to be given by him, and to give primft facie proof of the ground of objection, and for that purpose may examine and allow the objector to examine any clerk of ‘union, collector-general, or other collector of rates, or any other person on oath touching the alleged ground of objection, and, notwithstanding the absence of the person so objected to, unless such proof is given to the satisfaction of the court, the court shall, subject as herein and otherwise by law provided, retain the name of the person objected to:

An objection made under this Act by a clerk of union, collector-general, town clerk, or clerk of the peace shall be deemed to cast upon the person objected to the burden of proving his right to be on the list:

The prim ft facie proof shall be deemed to be given by the objector if it is shown to the satisfaction of the court by evidence, repute, or otherwise that there is reasonable ground for believing that the objection is well founded, and that by reason of the person objected to not being present for examination, or for some other reason, the objector is prevented from discovering or proving the truth respecting the entry objected to:

(10.) If such proof is given by the objector as herein prescribed, or if the objection is by a clerk of union, collector-general, town clerk, or clerk of the peace, then unless the person objected to appears by himself or by some person on his behalf, and proves that he was entitled on the twentieth day of July then next preceding to have his name inserted in the list in respect of the qualification described in such list, the court of revision shall expunge the name of the person objected to.

28. Any objection by a qualified objector may after his death be Objections not revived by any other person qualified to have made the objection ^eatbof^ originally by a notice to that effect in writing signed by him and objector.

98

Duties of clerks of unions under

48 & 49 Vict. c. 8.

Amendment of dates in 48 & 49 Vict. c. 3. s. 7.

Amendment of date mentioned in 80 & 31 Vict. c. 102. s. 28.

Interpretation.

Extent and short title.

Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration () Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

given to the clerk of the peace or town clerk at or before the time of revision of the entry to which the objection relates.

29. Any clerk of union or other official charged with any duty by the Representation of the People Act, 1884, who, after having been called upon to perform such doty, shall wilfully refuse or delay to enter upon and proceed with such performance, shall be liable to dismissal without notice.

30. So much of sub-section three of section seven of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, as alters the dates specified in section twenty-two of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, thereby incorporated, shall be and is hereby repealed, and instead thereof it is hereby enacted that in Ireland the following dates shall be substituted for the dates in the said twenty-second section mentioned, that is to say, the eleventh of August for the last day of July, and the fourth of August for the twenty-fifth of July.

31. In the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five the notice as to rates referred to in section twenty-eight of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, may be served at any time before the ninth day of June.

32. In this Act the expression "the Lord Lieutenant " includes the chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being:

The expression "The Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) Act, 1850," means th9 Act of the session of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine:

The expression "revising barrister " includes a county court judge and chairman of quarter sessions.

Other expressions used in this Act have the same meanings respectively as in the Representation of the People Act, 1884.

33. This Act shall apply to Ireland only, and may be cited for all purposes as the Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885.

SCHEDULES.

Sections 3, is. THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I. — Counties.

Forms in Counties.

No. 1.

Precept of the Clerk of the Peace to the Clerk of the Union *

Division of the county of I ri, r

Polling district of } To the clerk of the union of

In pursuance of the provisions of the Act of Parliament of the 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69., and of the Representation of the People Act, 1884 (48 Vict. c. 3.), and of the other Acts relating to the registration of parliamentary voters, I require your attention to the following instructions:

* Not*. — This precept is to be sent to the clerk of the anion which contains the whole of each polling district, or (if a polling district be divided so as to lie in more than one union) then to the clerk of each union which contains a part or division of such polling district. The precept for the present year is to be spnt immediately after the passing of this Act.

90

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 17.

The existing Register.

1. On or before the [eighth day of July] in the present year you are required to make out and transmit to me, the clerk of the peace of the county of at my office

at in the said county, the copy of the register of voters [Form 10] herewith

sent to you for the polling district of in the said county, or if the whole of

the said polling district is not situate within your union, then such copy of the register for that part or division of the said polling district which is situate within your union respectively, to be prepared and dealt with in manner following; that is to say,

2. On or before the eighth day of July aforesaid, after due inquiry, which you are required to make, with the assistance of the respective collector or collectors of poor rates (which assistance such collector or collectors is and are required to give), you shall, upon the copy of the register of the said polling district or division of the said polling district included within your union, transmitted to you herewith, enter objections to the names of persons now on such copy of register who are not entitled to be on the register next to be made, in manner following; that is to say, you shall add, with a stamp or in'writing, in the margin the word "objected " or " dead " (as the case may be), before the name of any person whose qualification as stated on such copy of register is as rated occupier of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the net annual value of twelve pounds or upwards; firstly, if such person shall not have been rated in the then last rate made for the relief of the poor as the occupier of the same lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in such copy of register mentioned of a net annual value of twelve pounds or upwards; or, secondly, if such person shall not on or before the [first day of July] in this present year have paid all poor rates (if any) which shall have become payable by him in respect of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments previously to the [first day of January] last; or, thirdly, if you shall have reasonable cause to believe such person not to be or to have ceased to be occupier as aforesaid, or not to have been such occupier during the whole period from the [twentieth day of July] in the last preceding year to the time of your preparing the copy of register; or, fourthly, if you shall have reasonable cause to believe such person for any other cause not to be entitled to have his name on the register of voters then next to be made for such county, or to be dead, as the case may be (5).

The Supplemental List of Ten Pounds Rated

3. You are also to make out, and, together with such copy of register for the said polling district or division of the said polling district, transmit to me, on or before the eighth day of July, a supplemental list [Form 11] of every male person of full age not appearing already on such copy of register who shall be rated in the last rate made for the relief of the poor as the occupier of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate within your union, and in the said polling district, or in your division of the said polling district, as the case may be, of a net annual value of ten pounds or upwards; but you are to exclude, nevertheless, from such supplemental list every such occupier who shall not, on or before the* first day of July in this year, have paid all poor rates (if any) which shall have become payable by him in respect of such premises previously to the first day of January last; and you are required, after due inquiry, which you are required to make, with the assistanc of the respective collectors of poor rates as aforesaid, to enter objections, by adding in the margin the word "objected " or " dead, " as the case may be, before the names of persons in such supplemental list contained, and not entitled to be on the register next to be

* Form 10.

(6.) Not* (6). — If the polling district is divided so as to lie in more than one union, each clerk of a union in which any such division of the polling district lies is to deal with the copy of the register and the names of persons and premises contained therein (so far as relates to such division only of such polling district) in like manner in all respects as required in the case of a polling district not divided, save that he is to deal only with what relates to his own division of the polling district; in like manner he is to make out the supplemental list only for his own division of the polling district.

In every year after 1885, 10/. must be substituted for 12/. where the last-mentioned sum is specified in this precept. But inasmuch as the existing register which came into force on the 1st January 1885 relates to a 12/. rated occupation franchise, the paragraphs of this precept referring to the existing register must not be changed until 1686.

100

Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) , 1885. 48 Vict.

made, in like manner in all respects as herein-before directed and required with regard to the copy of register of such polling district or division of a polling district, and the names therein contained; and such supplemental list shall be in the form and shall contain the particulars mentioned in the form (No. 11) herewith sent, and shall be signed and verified by you.

If two or more persons, jointly, are such occupiers as above mentioned, and the clear yearly value of the land or tenement is such as to give ten pounds or more for each occupier, two of such occupiers are entitled to be registered as voters; but no more are so entitled (unless they derived the property by descent, succession, marriage, marriage settlement, or devise, or) unless they are bon& fide engaged as partners carrying on trade or business thereon, in any of which cases all may be registered, if the clear yearly value is sufficient to give ten pounds for each occupier.

If a person has occupied different lands or tenements in the county of the requisite value in immediate succession during the said twelve months, be is entitled in respect of the occupation thereof to be registered as a voter in the polling district in which the last occupied land or tenement is situate, provided that he has paid, on or before the first day of July, all poor rate in respect of all such premises so occupied in succession which has become payable by him prior to the first day of January preceding.

The Supplemental List of Householders,

4. You are also to make out and transmit to me, on or before the eighth day of July, another supplemental list [Form 12] of every male person of full age, not appearing already on the register, who is, on the first day of July in this year, and has during the whole of the period commencing on the twentieth day of July previous to such first of July, been an inhabitant occupier as owner or tenant of any dwelling-house within your union, and in the said polling district, or in your division of it.

You shall exclude from such list persons who are joint occupiers as tenants or owners of any dwelling-house.

You shall also exclude from such list the occupier of any dwelling-house in respect of which all poor rates due up to the first day of January have not been paid, either by the owner or by the occupier of such dwelling-house, on or before the first day of July, but you shall not exclude from such list the occupier of a dwelling-house which by reason of its belonging to or being occupied on behalf of the Crown, or by reason of any other ground of exemption, is not rated; nor shall you exclude from such list the occupier of a dwelling-house by reason of its being held by a weekly, monthly, or quarterly tenure.

You shall not exclude any person from such list by reason only that such person has during a part of the period commencing on the twentieth day of July prior to the making of such list, not exceeding four months]in the whole, by letting or otherwise, allowed the premises to be occupied as a furnished house by some other person.

Different premises occupied in immediate succession by any person qualify such person to be included in such list.

The term "dwelling-house" in this precept includes any part of a house, where that part is separately occupied as a dwelling. Where an occupier is entitled to the sole and exclusive use of any part of a house, that part shall not be deemed to be occupied, otherwise than separately, by reason only that the occupier is entitled to the joint use of some other part.

Where a man himself inhabits any dwelling-house by virtue of any office, service, or employment, and the, dwelling-house is not inhabited by any person under whom such man serves in such office, Bervice, or employment, he shall be deemed to be an inhabitant occupier of such dwelling-house as a tenant.

You are to add " objected " before the names of persons in such supplemental list of householders, and not entitled to be on the register next to be made, in accordance with the Representation of the People Act, 1884.

Such supplemental list of householders shall be in the form, and shall contain the particulars mentioned in the Form No. 12, herewith sent, and shall be signed and verified by you.

In case any name of an inhabitant householder appears also in the supplemental list of rated occupiers, you shall make a note of the fact in the margin.

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 17.

101

General Provisions.

5. Such copy of the register and both such supplemental lists shall be signed by you, and shall be verified by you as true and correct, according to the best of your belief, by an oath to be taken or made by you before some justice of the peace for the said county within which such lands or dwelling-houses are situate, or the county in which your union workhouse is situate, and which oath any such justice is authorised and required to administer, and to certify at the foot of such lists the taking of such oath.

You are to return the said copy of the register for the said polling district, or your division of the said polling district, with all such marginal additions as aforesaid so verified, and also therewith to transmit the said supplemental lists for the said polling district, or for your division of the said polling district, with all such marginal additions thereto as aforesaid so verified, to me the clerk of the peace, at my office as aforesaid, on or before the eighth day of July in this year. To aid you in the performance of your duty, the superintendent registrar of births and deaths, in case you are not yourself the superintendent registrar, is required to send you, on or before the first of July in every year, a return of the names and residences of all male persons of full age dying within your union; and you are required to examine these returns to see whether anyone who otherwise would appear in the list of voters is dead.

You are required to allow to any person on the list of voters of the county inspection of the rate books, and to make extracts therefrom during the periods prescribed by the statute.

You are required to allow a copy of every register dealt with by you, and of every supplemental list made out by you, in conformity with this precept, to be open to public inspection, and to be perused by every person desirous of perusing it, at any hour between the hours of ten of the clock in the forenoon and four of the clock in the afternoon of any day, except Sunday, during a period of not less than fourteen days from the date of the completion of your function with respect to each such register or list, without payment or demand of any fee:Provided that such document be within your procurement or control.

You are required to deliver to every person applying for the same, at any time between the hours of ten of the clock in the forenoon, and four of the clock in the afternoon of any day, except Sunday, during a period of not less than fourteen days after the completion by you, as directed by this precept, of any register, list, or other document, or printed copy of such register, list, or other document, or portion of the same, when supplied to you by me, on payment of a price for such copy after the scale mentioned in the schedule to the Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885.

Yon are required to notify to the respective collectors or their deputies to attend at a place in each polling district, on the days appointed by the statute for receiving payment of poor rates, and to give not less than Six days public notice of such days and places, and also to require them to return to you lists of such payments as required by the statute, subject to the penalties therein.

You, or a sufficient deputy, to be appointed by you, are or is to attend the court to be holden by the county court judge and chairman of quarter sessions for the county of in which the said polling district lies (of the time and place of holding which notice will be sent to you), and there to have for his inspection the rate books or copies of the parts thereof relating to premises within the said polling district, or your division thereof.

Herein if you fail you will be liable to the penalties in that case provided.

Noth. — The paragraphs of this precept which relate to the existing register most be modified in all years subsequent to 1885, by making them apply to a 10/. rated occupation franchise instead of a 12/. rated occupation franchise; and by making them apply [so far as regards the marginal additions " objected " or " dead "] to householders on the then existing register.

Given under my hand, this

Clerk of the Peace for the county of

r I

102 Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Irelarad) Act, 1885. 48 Vice.

Form No. 2.

Special Precept of the Clerk of the Peace to the Clerk of the Union, relating to New Polling Districts.

[36 & 37 Vict. c. 2.]

To the clerk of the poor law union of division of the county of

Polling district of [here state name of polling ], consisting of [here state

precisely (as described in order of chairman and justices as confirmed [or, as

altered and confirmed] by the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council) name of barony or baronies, half barony or half baronies, totcnland or townlands, parish or parishes, and places constituting such polling district].

1. You are herewith transmitted a copy of the order of the chairman of quarter

sessions and justices of the county of [or riding of ],

made on the day of, and confirmed [or altered

and confirmed] by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and Privy Council on the

day of, constituting the several polling districts situate within the county of, together with [a copy or] copies in respect of each polling district

situate wholly or in part within the poor law union of, of the present

register of voters for the polling district or districts of, being every

polling distinct or districts from or out of which such polling district has been constituted.

2. You are hereby required, immediately on the receipt hereof, with the assistance of the respective collector or collectors of poor rates for the poor law union of

(which assistance the said collector or collectors is or are hereby required to give), to write in the margin of each of the said lists of registered voters, opposite to the name of each person whose name shall be on such list in respect of property situate wholly or in part within such poor law union and within the said polling district, the name of the polling district as constituted by such order, in which the qualifying property is situated; and for the better enabling you to ascertain the townland, parish, or other subdivision in which such property respectively may be situate, you are at liberty to refer to and make use of any tables or lists of valuations, and revisions thereof, of which any copies or copy may have been lodged with you or transmitted to the board of guardians of your union by the Commissioner of Valuation in Ireland.

In making out the supplemental lists of rated occupiers and of householders you shall, with the like assistance and information, make them out with reference to the new polling districts so constituted, in such manner that the name of every person shall appear in the list for the polling district to which he belongs.

3. You shall sign such register and lists with such marginal observations, and verify the same as true and correct, according to the best of your knowledge and belief, by an oath or declaration to be made by you before a justice of the peace in and for the said county, which oath or declaration any such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer or take; and you shall return the said lists so verified to me on or before the eighth of July.

Given under my hand, this day of

A.B,

Clerk of the Peace for the county of Form No. 3.

This Form and the following Form are to be used in Cases where New Polling Districts have been Constituted.

Directions for Alphabetical Lists to be made by Clerks of the Peace.

The Clerk of the Peace shall, from the copies of the register transmitted to him by the clerks of the respective unions, select the names of the persons entitled to vote in respect of property in each polling district, and make out and arrange the lists in alphabetical order, omitting in the margin opposite each name the information as to the polling district set out therein, and may entitle the same as follows:

103

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ire Act, 1885. Ch. 17.

The List of Persons on the Register of Voters as entitled to vote at any Election of a Member or Members of Parliament for the Division of the County of, in respect of property situate wholly or in part within the Polling District of

Margin for entering Clerk of Peace's Objection as to other than Bated Occupiers. Margin or Column for 1 entering the Clerk of the Union's Objections as to Bated Occupiers. | Number prefixed to each Name on the Register. Surname and Christian Name of each Person on the Register. Place of Abode Nature of Qualification. Amount of Qualification or Bating. Townland or other denomination, street, lane, or other like place in this Pol lime District, and number of house (if any), where the property is situate, or the name of the property, and the name of tli© tenant (if any), or if the qualification consists of a rentcharge, the name of the owners of the property out of which such rentcharge issues, or one of them, and the situation of the property.

Directions as to Arrangement, Entitling, and Endorsement of Lists of Voters of each Polling District by Clerks of the Peace.

The arrangement and entitling of lists of voters shall be according to the form following: —

Division of the county of polling district

of

Copy of the register (so far as relates to the polling district of, consisting of

[here state precisely (as described in order of chairman and justices as confirmed [or if altered, as altered and confirmed] by the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council) name of barony or baronies, half barony or half baronies, tow or or,

and places constituting stick polling district] of persons entitled to vote at any election of a member or members of Parliament for the division of the county of until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred

and

Margin for entering Clerk of Peace's Objection as to other than Bated Occupiers and Householders. Margin or Column for entering the Clerk of the Union's Objections as to Rated Occupiers and Householders. Number Prefixed to each Name on the Register. Surname and Christian Name of each Person on the Register. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Amount of Qualification or Rating. Townland or other denomination, street, lane, or other like place in this Polling District, and number of house (if any), where the property is situate, or name of the property, and the name of the tenant (if any), or if the qualification consists of a rentcharge, the name of the owners of the property out of which such rentcharge issues, or one of them, and the situation of the property.

The endorsement shall be as follows: — Division of the county of polling district of

polling place

104

Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

Form No. 4.

Notice to be given by the Clerk of the Peace as to claims to vote. Division of the county of I hereby give notice, that all persons entitled to vote in the election of a knight of the shire for the division of the county of, in respect of any

properly situate wholly or in part within any polling district of the said division, or in respect of the household [qualification created by the Representation of the People Act, 1884, who shall not be on the supplemental list of ratepayers for such polling district, and are not upon the register of voters now in force (relating to such polling district), or who being upon the register shall not retain the same qualification or continue in the same place of abode as described in such register, or who shall not be upon the supplemental list of inhabitant householders for such polling district, and who are desirous to have their names inserted in the register of voters about to be made for the said division of the county, are hereby required to give or send to me at my office, on or before the fourth day of August, in this year, a notice in writing, by them signed, in which their name and surname at full length, their place of abode, and the particulars of their qualification, must be legibly written, according^ to the Form (No. 5), hereunder set. forth.* Any person who is upon the present register may also make his claim, if he thinks fit; but it is not necessary that he should do so if he has the same qualification and place of abode, as now described in the register.

Dated this day of, in the year

(Signed) A.B.,

Clerk of the Peace of the county of

Form No. 5.

Form of Notice of Claim to be given to the Clerk of the Peace

Polling district of To the clerk of the peace of the county of

I hereby give you notice, that I claim to be inserted in the list for this polling district of voters for the division of the county of [and to have my name omitted

from the corrupt and illegal practices list], and that the particulars of my place of abode and qualification are stated in the columns below. Dated the day of t, in

the year

(Signed) A.B.

Surname and Christian Name of the Claimant. Place of Abode. Nature and Amount of Qualification.! Townland or denomination, street, lane, or other like place in this Polling District, and number of house (if any), where the property is situate, or name of the property, or name of the occupying tenant (if any), or if the qualification consist of a rentcharge, then the names of the owners of the property out of which such rent is issuing, or some of them, and the situation of the property.

t If the qualification is as inhabitant householder the valuation of the dwelling-house need not be stated.

Form No. 6.

Form of List of Claimants as Rated Occupiers or Inhabitant Householders.

Division of the county of polling district of to wit.

The list of persons, in the year 18, claiming to be entitled to vote in the election of

a knight of the shire for the division of the county of,

Note. — The Form (No. 5) should be annexed to this notice.

105

1885. Parliamentary Registration () Act, 1885. Ch. 17.

in respect of property situate wholly or in part within the polling district of or as inhabitant householders in that polling district.

Margin for entering Clerk of the Peace's Objections. Surname and Christian Name of each Voter. Place of Abode. Nature and Amount of Qualification. Townland or denomination, street, lane, or other like place in this Polling District, and number of house (if any), where the property is situate, or name of the property, and the name of the tenant (if any), or if the qualification consist of a rentcharge, then the names of the owners of the property out of which such rent is issuing, or some of them, and the situation of the property.

Bated this day of in the year

(Signed) A.B.

Clerk of the Peace of the said county.

Fobm No. 7.

Notice of Objection to be given to the Clerk of the Peace.

Polling distinct of To the clerk of the peace of the county of

I hereby give you notice, that I object to the name of the person mentioned and described below being retained in the list for this polling district of voters for the county of [and to the omission of the said name from the corrupt and illegal practices list].

Surname and Christian Name of the Person objected to, as described in the List or Register. Place of 'Abode, as described. Nature of Qualification as described*(if registered under 8 A 8 Will. 4. c. 88. it must be so stated). Townland or denomination, street, lane, or other like place, where the qualifying property is situate, Ac., as described in the List or Register.

Dated the day of in the year

(Signed) A.B.

[Abode.']

Form No. 8.

Notice of Objection to be given to Parties named in any List of Claimants objected to by any person other than the Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the Union.

Polling district of To Mr., of

Take notice, that 1 object to your name [in notice to the tenant, instead of the words your name, " insert the name of the person objected to,] being retained in the list for this polling district of voters for the county of, and to the

omission of your name (or the name of the person objected to) from the corrupt and illegal practices list.

Dated this day of One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) A.B., of [Place of Abode,]

being now registered [or on the list of voters, as the case may be,] for the county of

Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Act, 1885. 48 Vict,

106

Form No. 9.

List of Persons objected to in the year 18, to be published by the Clerk of

the Peace.

Division of the county of polling district of

The following persons have been objected to, as not being entitled to have their names retained in the list for this polling district of voters for the county of

Surname and Christian Name of each Person objected to. Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification (if registered under 2 AS Will. 4.C. 88. so state). Townland or denomination, street, lane, or other like place in this Polling District, and number of house (if any), where the property is situate, or name of the property, or name of the tenant, or if the qualification consist of a rente barge, then the names of the owners of the property out of which such rent is issuing, or some of them, and the situation of the property.

Dated this day of in the year

(Signed) A.B., Clerk of the Peace of the county of

Form No. 10.

Division of the county of polling district of

Copy of the register (so far as relates to the polling district of)

of persons entitled to vote at any election of a member of Parliament for the county of, between the first day of January 18, and the thirty-first day

of December 18

Margin for entering Clerk of the Peace's Objections as to others than Rated Occupiers. Margin or Column for entering Clerk of the Union's Objections as to Rated Occupiers or Inhabitant Householders. Number prefixed to each Name on the Register. Surname and Christian Name of each Person on the Register. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Amount of Qualification or Rating. Townland or denomination, street, lane, or other like place in this Polling District, and number of house (if any), where the property is situate, or name of the property, and the name of the tenant (if any), or if the qualification consist of a rent charge, then the name of the owners of the property out of which such rentcharge is issuing, or some of them, and the situation of the property.

Dated this day of , 18 ,

(Signed) ,

Clerk of the Peace of the county of

[Aofe. — This is Form 14 of the Act of 1850, referred to in section 15 of that Act]

107

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ire Act, 1885. Ch. 17.

Form No. 11.

Division of the county of, polling district of

Clerk of the union's supplemental list, for the year 18, of male persons (not already

appearing on the copy of register for this polling district), rated in the last rate under the Acts for the relief of the destitute poor as the occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, rated separately or together, at the net annual value of ten pounds or upwards, and situate in the polling district of, being part of the

poor law union of, and all which occupiers have on or before

the first day of July in this year, paid all poor rates, if any, which have become payable by them respectively out of such respective lands, tenements, or hereditaments, previously to the first day of January last.

Column for entering the Clerk of the Union's Objections. Bated Occupier's Surname and Christian Name. Place or Abode. Bated Value of Premises. Townland or denomination, name and description of premises rated, street, lane, or other like place in this Polling District, and number of house t if any), where the property is situate, or name of the property.

I certify that this is a correct list. Dated this day of July 18

(Signed) ,

Clerk of the Union of

Verified on oath by the said A.B. before me, a justice of the peace for the county of this day of

C.D.

Form No. 12.

Division of the county of, polling district of

Clerk of the union's supplemental list for the year 188, of male persons (not already

appearing on the copy of the register for this polling district), who are inhabitant occupiers as owners or tenants of dwelling-houses within the polling district of

, being part of the poor law union of, for which dwelling-

houses all poor rate due on the first‘day of January has been paid by either the owner or the occupier on or before the first day of July in this year.

Margin for note that name appears in Supplemental List of £10 rated occupiers. Column for entering the Clerk of the Union's Objections. Householder's Surname and Christian Name. Situation and Description of the Dwelling-house constituting the Qualifying Premises.

I certify that this is a correct list.

Dated day of July.

(Signed) ,

Clerk of the Union of

Verified on oath by the said A.B. before me, being a justice of the peace for the county of

Dated day of

C.D., Justice.

* Note. — All persons whose names already appear on the copy of the register for this polling district are to be omitted from this list.

108

Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (., 1885. 48 Vict.

Part II. — Boroughs.

Forms for Boroughs.

Form No. 13.

Precept of the Clerk of the Peace to the Town Clerk.

Parliamentary borough of in the county of to wit.

To the town clerk [or clerk of the town commissioners, , fyc. c. Sfc.y as the case may 5c] of the* borough of

In pursuance of the provisions of the Act of Parliament of the 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69., and of the Representation of the People Act, 1884 (48 Vict. c. 3.), and of the other Acts relating to the registration of parliamentary voters, I require your attention to the following instructions:

This precept is to he read distributively, and to apply to every division of a borough constituting a separate constituency.

Notice of Rates in Arrear.

1. On or before the [fifth day of June] you are to publish a notice, signed by you, according to the Form marked No. 14, among the printed forms herewith sent.

The manner in which you are required to publish that notice, and also the lists hereinafter mentioned, is as follows: (that is to say,) you are to fix one of the printed copies (each copy being first signed by you) in some public and conspicuous situation on the outside of the outer door or on the outer wall near the door of the town hall, or if there should be no town hall, then in some public and conspicuous situation in this borough, heretofore used for posting, public notices, and it must remain there during a period including two Sundays at least.

Lists to be made by the Town Clerk.

2. On or before the [twentieth day of July] you are to make out alphabetical lists of all persons who shall be entitled to vote in the election of a member to serve in Parliament for this borough; that is to say, first, an alphabetical list, according to the Form (numbered 17), herewith sent, of all such male persons of full age as shall appear on the list transmitted to you by the clerk of the union in this year ns the rated occupier or one of several rated joint occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate within this borough, of the net annual value of ten pounds or upwards (or, in the case of joint occupiers, ten pounds or upwards for each such joint occupier), and also of all male persons of full age as shall appear in the other list transmitted to you by the clerk of the union in this year as entitled to be registered as inhabitant occupiers, as owners or tenants, of dwelling-houses in the borough under the household qualification, created by the Representation of the People Act, 1884; and another alphabetical list, according to the Form (numbered 18), herewith sent, of all other persons (except persons on the freemen's roll) who shall be entitled to vote for such borough by virtue of any other right whatsoever j and another alphabetical list, according to the Form (numbered 19), herewith sent, of all persons on the freemen's roll who shall be entitled to vote in the election for such borough.

Omissions from.

3. You are to omit from the rated occupiers in such first-mentioned list (marked No. 17) all such persons as shall not have paid, on or before the [first day of July] then next preceding, all poor rates payable by them severally, if any, in respect of such premises previously to the [first day of January] then next preceding; and you are to omit from the list of inhabitant householders the occupier of any dwelling-house in respect of which all poor rate due on the first day of January has not been paid either by the owner or the

109

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland), 1885. Ch. 17.

occupier of such dwelling-house on or before the first day of July; and you are in like manner to omit from the two last-mentioned lists (marked No. 18 and No. 19) all such forty shilling freeholders, freemen, and others, entitled to vote by any right to the enjoyment of which residence is by law required, as shall not have resided for six calendar months next previous to the said [twentieth day of July] in this year within the said borough, or within seven statute miles of the usual place of election therein.

Marginal Additions to Lists.

4. You are to add, with a stamp or in writing, the word "objected " to the name of any person inserted in such first-mentioned list (marked No. 17), in case you shall have reasonable cause to believe such person not to be, or to have ceased to be, occupier or joint occupier of the premises in respect of which he shall have been rated, or not to have been such occupier or joint occupier for the space of twelve calendar months next previous to such [twentieth day of July]; you are also to add the word "objected " to the name of any person inserted whose qualification is a household qualification, in case you shall have reasonable cause to believe such person not to be, or to have ceased to be, an inhabitant occupier of a dwelling-house, or not to have been such inhabitant occupier for the space of twelve calendar months next previous to the twentieth day of July; and you are in every succeeding year to add in like manner the word "objected " to the name of every person whose qualification appearing on the copy of register shall be the occupation or joint occupation of premises of the net annual value of ten pounds or upwards, or (in the case of joint occupation) ten pounds or upwards for each such joint occupier, or whose qualification shall be a household qualification, and who shall not appear in either of the lists transmitted to you by the clerk of such union in such year; and you are also in every year to add in like manner the word "objected " or " dead " before the name of any person contained in such lists of voters or copy of register delivered to you by the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, if you have reasonable cause to believe that such person is not entitled to have his name on the register then next to be made, or is dead, as the case may be.

Particulars in, and Signature of, Lists.

5. In each of the said lists Nos. 17, 18, and 19, to be made out by you, the Christian name and surname of every such person must be written at full length, together with the place of his abode and the nature of his qualification *, and where any person shall be entitled to vote in respect of any property in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, then the name of the street, lane, and the number of the house (if any), or other description of the place where such property may be situate, shall be specified in the list; and you shall sign such lists marked Nos. 17, 18, and 19, and shall forthwith cause a sufficient number of copies of the said lists, with all such marginal additions, to be written or printed.

Publication of Lists.

6. You are to publish, in the manner herein-before mentioned with regard to notices, copies of the said lists Nos. 17, 18, and 19, signed by you, on or before the [twenty-second day of July] in this year.

Lists of Claimants.

7. You are, on or before the [eleventh day of August], to make out and to publish, in manner aforesaid, lists according to the forms numbered 21, 22, and 28, containing the name of every person who shall have given or have caused to be given to you, on or before the [fourth day of August] his claim to have his name inserted in any list; but if you have reasonable cause to believe that any person whose name shall appear in such lists of claimants is not entitled to have his name upon the register then next to be made, you are to add in like manner the word "objected " before the name of every such person on the margin of such list of claimants; you are also to make out other lists, according to

110 Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 18S5. 48 Vict.

the forms numbered 26, 27, and 28, containing the name of every person against whom a notice of objection shall have been given to you, on or before the [twentieth day of August], as not being entitled to have his name retained in any list for your borough; and on or before the [twenty-fourth day of August] you are to sign and publish each of such last-mentioned lists on some public and conspicuous situation on the outside of the outer door or on the outer wall near the door of the town hall, or if there be no town hall, then on such other place as aforesaid in the same manner as before mentioned with regard to the notices.

Copies of Lists to be kept for Inspection,

8. You are to keep a copy of these lists, signed by you, and you are to allow the same, and also the notices of claim and objection, to be perused by any person, without payment of any fee, at any time between the hours of ten of the dock in the forenoon and four of the clock in the afternoon of any day, except Sunday, during the first fourteen days after the said lists shall have been published, and you are to deliver a copy of each of such lists to any person requiring the same, on the payment of a price for each copy after the rate contained in the Table marked No. 29, herewith sent; provided that such document be within your procurement or control.

If you shall find any such notice, list, or other document published by you as aforesaid to be destroyed, mutilated, effaced, or removed, you arc forthwith to place another in its room to the same effect.

Return to be made to the Clerk of the Peace.

9. On or before the [twenty-fifth day of August] you aro to deliver to me copies of the said lists of voters so made out by you, with the marginal additions as aforesaid, copies of the lists of claimants, and copies of the lists of persons objected to, so respectively made out and signed by you as aforesaid, together with the copy of the register.

General Provisions.

10. You shall exclude from every list of inhabitant householders persons who are joint occupiers as tenants or owners of any dwelling-house.

You shall also exclude from such list the occupier of any dwelling-house in respect of which all poor rates due up to the first day of January have not been paid, either by the owner or by the occupier, of such dwelling-house on or before the first day of July, but you shall not exclude from such list the occupier of a dwelling-house which by reason of its belonging to or being occupied on behalf of the Crown, or by reason of any other ground of exemption, is not rated.

You shall not exclude any person from such list by reason only that such person has, during a part of the qualifying period, not exceeding four months in the whole, by letting or otherwise, allowed the premises to be occupied as a furnished house by some other person.

The terra "dwelling-house " in this precept includes any part of a house, where that part is separately occupied as a dwelling. Where an occupier is entitled to the sole and exclusive use of any part of a house, that part shall not be deemed to be occupied, otherwise than separately, by reason only that the occupier is entitled to the joint use of some other part.

Where a man himself inhabits any dwelling-house by virtue of any office, service, or employment, and the dwelling-house is not inhabited by any person under whom suck man serves in such office, service, or employment, he shall be deemed to be an inhabitant occupier of such dwelling-house as a tenant.

Attendance in Revision Court.

11. You are to attend the court to be holden for the revision of the list of voters for your borough, of the time of holding which notice will be given; and at the opening of

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 17. Ill

such court you are there to deliver to the county court judge [or barrister, as the case may 5e], before whom the same shall be holden, the several lists made out by you, with the marginal additions as aforesaid, and signed by you, and the original notices of objection and the original notices of claims given to you, together with the list transmitted to you by the clerk of the union in this year.

Herein if you fail you will be liable to the penalties in that case provided. Given under my hand this day of ' one thousand eight hundred and

/c._j n f Clerk of the Peace of or acting

(Signed) | itt or tor the b^g, of b

Form No. 14.

Notice to be given by the Town Clerk.

Borough of in the county of to wit.

I hereby give notice, that no person will be entitled to have his name inserted in any list of voters for this borough now about to be made in respect of the occupation of premises rated under the last rate for the relief of the destitute poor separately or together at a net annual value of ten pounds or upwards, or in the case of joint occupiers, ton pounds or upwards for each of such joint occupiers, or as inhabitant occupier of a dwelling-house unless, on or before the [first day of July] next, all the poor iates which have become due (if any) in respect of such premises before the [first day of January] last past, have been duly paid. Dated this day of June in the year

One thousand eight hundred and

/C. ox W f Town Clerk for the

(Signed) A.B. j borough of

Form No. 15.

Clebk of Union's List, for the year 18, of male persons rated in the last rate under the Acts for the relief of the destitute poor as the occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, rated separately or together, at the net annual value of ten pounds or upwards, and situate in the borough of, being part of the poor

law union of (or, in the case of joint occupiers, rated at a net

annual value of such an amount as, when divided by the number of such occupiers, would give to each a net annual value of ten pounds or upward); excluding from this list all such occupiers as have not, on or before the [first day of July] in this year, paid all poor rates, if any, which have become payable by them respectively out of such respective premises previously to the [first day of January] last.

Surname and Christian ' Name. Place of Abode. Name or Description of Premises Rated. Rated Value of Premises.

1 \ j

I certify that this is a correct list Dated this day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B*.

Clerk of the Union of

Verified on oath by the said A.B. before me, a justice of the peace for the

of

(Signed) C.D. Justice.

H

112 Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) 1885. 48 Vict.

Form No. 16.

Clerk of Union's List, for the year 18, of male persons who are inhabitant occupiers, as owners or tenants of dwelling-houses in the borough of, being part

of the poor law union of, and who have been in occupation from the 20th day of July preceding the making of the list; excluding from such list the occupiers of dwellings for which all poor rates due up to the first day of January preceding have not been paid either by the owner or by such occupier, on or before the first day of July.

Margin for note that Name appears in List of 101. Rated Occupiers. Surname and Christian Name. Situation and Description of Dwelling-house.

I certify that this is a correct list. Dated

(Signed)

Clerk of the Union.

Verified on oath by the said A.B., before me, a justice of the peace for

(Signed) C.D., Justice.

Note. — The clerk shall not exclude from such list the occupier of a dwelling-house which by reason of its belonging to or being occupied on behalf of the Crown, or by reason of any other ground of exemption, is not rated.

Form No. 17.

Town Clerk's List of Male Persons entitled to vote in the election of a member to serve in Parliament for the borough of, as being persons

rated in the last rate under the Acts for the relief of the destitute poor as the occupiers of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, rated separately or together, at the . net annual value of ten pounds or upwards, and situate in the borough of,

being part of the poor law union of (or, in the case of joint

occupiers, rated at a net annual value of such an amount as, when divided by the number of such occupiers, would give to each a net annual value of ten pounds or upwards), and also of persons entitled to vote as inhabitant householders, by virtue of the household qualification created by the Representation of the People Act, 1884, in all cases in which all poor rates, if any, which have become payable out of such respective premises previously to the [first day of January] last, have been paid on or before the first day of July.

Margin for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Surname and Christian Name. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification, whether Rated Occupier or Inhabitant Householder. Name or Description of Premises rated. Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Borough, and Number of the House (if any), where the Property is situate. Rated Value' of Premises.

I certify that this is a correct list. Dated this day of July 18 .

(Signed) ,

Town Clerk for the borough of Note. — The rated value need not be stated in the case of persons qualified under the household franchise.

* It is the duty of the clerk of the union in a borough to make ont this list of householders, under section 32 of 13 & 14 Vict c. 69.

That section refers to the rated occupation franchise, and is extended to the household franchise by section 8, sub-section 5, of the Representation of the People Act, 1884.

113

1885# Parliamentary Registration (Ireland), 1885. Ch. 17.

Form No. 18.

The List, for the year 18, of all Persons (not being on the freeman's roll) entitled to vote in the election of a member [or members] for the borough of, in respect of any right whatsoever (other than and except the occupation as rated occupiers of premises of the rated net annual value of ten pounds or upwards, or the household franchise, or as lodgers).

Margin for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Surname and Christian Name of each Voter. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other Place in this Borough where the Property Is situate, and Number of the House (if any).

[When the right of Voting depends on Property.]

Dated this day of in the year

(Signed)

Town Clerk for the borough of

Form No. 19.

The List, for the year 18, of Persons on the freeman's roll for the borough of

entitled to vote in the election of a member for the said city [or town or borough].

Column for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Surname and Christian Name of each Freeman. Place of his Abode.

Dated this day of in the year

(Signed) ,

Town Clerk of the borough of

Form No. 20.

Notice of Claim [other than as a Lodger].

To the town clerk of the borough of

1 hereby give you notice that 1 claim to have my name inserted among the parliamentary voters for the borough of and that the particulars of my

qualification and place of abode are stated in the columns below [and to have my name omitted from the corrupt and illegal practices list].

Dated the day of One thousand eight hundred

Surname and Christian Name of the Claimant. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification, Street, Lane, or other Place in the Borough where the Property is situate, and Number of the House (if any).

[When the right depends on Properly.]

(Signed) A.B.

ie

114 Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland), 1885. 48 Vict.

Form No. 21.

List, for the year 18, of Claimants (rated occupiers and inhabitant householders), to be published by the Town Clerk.

The following persons claim to have their names inserted in the list of persons entitled to vote in the election of a member for the borough of, in respect of

being rated in the last rate os occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, rated separately or together, at the net annual value of ten pounds or upwards, within the said borough, or as inhabitant householders, by virtue of the household qualification created by the Representation of the People Act, 1884.

Column for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Surname and Christian Name of each Claimant. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Borough where the Property is situate, and Number of the House (if any).

[When the right depends on Property.]

Dated this day of in the year

(Signed) ,

Town Clerk of the borough of

Note. — Any claim to be omitted from the corrupt and illegal practices list shall be added to the foregoing list of claimants.

Form No. 22.

List, for the year 18, of Claimants (Freeholders, &c.), to be published by the

Town Clerk.

The following persons claim to have their names inserted in the list of persons (not being on the freeman's roll) entitled to vote in the election of a member for the borough of in respect of any rights whatsoever (other than and except

the occupation as rated occupiers of premises of the rated net annual value of ten pounds or upwards, or as inhabitant householders, by virtue of the household franchise created by the Representation of the People Act, 1884, or as lodgers).

Column for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Surname and Christian Name of each Claimant. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other Place in this Borough where the Property is situate, and Number of House (If any).

[When the right depends on Property.]

1

Dated this day of in the year (Signed) A.B, Town Clerk of the borough of

1885. 1 Parliamentary Begtitratum (Ireland).4c£, 1885. , Ch., 17. 115

Form No. 23.

List, for the year 18, of Claimants (Freemen), to be published by the Town

Clerk.

The following persons claim to have their names inserted in the list of persons on the freeman's roll for the borough of, entitled to vote in the

election of a member for the said borough.

Column (or entering Town Clerk's Objections. Surname and Christian Name of each Person, as in the Claim. Place of his Abode.

Dated this day of in the year

(Signed)

Town Clerk of the borough of

Form No. 24.

Notice of Objection.

To the town clerk of the borough of I hereby give you notice that I object to the name of being retained in the list (No.) of persons entitled to vote in the election of a

member for the borough of ' [and to the omission of the said name

from the corrupt and illegal practices list].

Dated this day of

(Signed) A.B., of [Place of Abode], on the list of voters for the borough of

Note* — ‘If more than one list of voters, the notice of objection should specify the list to which the objection refers; and if the list contains two or more persons of the same name, tjfe notice should distinguish the person intended to be objected to *

Form No. 25.

Form of Notice of Objection to be given to Parties named in any list of

claimants objected to.

To Mr.

I hereby give you notice that I object to your name being retained in the list (No.) of persons entitled to vote in the election of a member for the borough of [or to the omission of your name from the corrupt and illegal practices list].

Dated this day of

(Signed) A.B.t of [Place of Abode], on the list of voters for the borough of

Note* — If more than one list of voters, the notice of objection should specify the list to

tghich the objection refers; and if the list contains two or more persons of the same name, the notice should distinguish the person intended to be objected to.

116 Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

Form No. 26.

List, for the year 18 t of Persons objected to, to be published by the Town

Clerk.

The following persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their names retained in the list of persons qualified to vote in the election of a member for the borough of, in respect of being rated in the last rate as occupiers

of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, rated separately or together at the net annual value of ten pounds or upwards within the said borough, or in respect of the house-. hold qualification.

Surname and Christian Name of each Person objected to. Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification. Street, Lane, or other Place in the Parish ▼here the Property is situate, and Number of the House (if any).

Dated this day of in the year

(Signed)

Town Clerk of the borough of

Note. — Any objection to the omission oj a name from the corrupt and illegal practices

list should be added to the above.

Form No. 27.

List, for the year 18, of Persons objected to, to be published by the Town

Clerk.

The following persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their names retained in the list of persons (not being on the freeman's roll) qualified to vote in the election of a member for the borough of, by virtue of any rights whatsoever (other than and except occupation as rated occupiers of premises of the rated net annual value of ten pounds or upwards, or than the household qualification or the lodger qualification).

Surname and Christian Name of each Person objected to. Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification. Street, Lane, or other Place in the Borough where the Property is situate, and Number of the House (if any).

[When the right depends on Property.]

Dated this day of in the year

(Signed) A.B., Town Clerk of the borough of

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) , 1885. Ch. 17. 117

Form No. 28.

List, for the year 18, of Persons objected to, to be published by the Town

Clerk.

Hie following persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their names retained on the list of persons on the freeman's roll for the borough of entitled to vote in the election of a member for the said borough.

Surname and Christian Name of each Person Objected to, 1 If registered under 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 88. so state. Place of Abode.

Dated this day of in the year

(Signed) .,

Town Clerk of the said borough.

Part III. — Forms applicable to both Counties and Boroughs.

Form No. 29.

Table of Rates of Payment to be demanded and paid for any list or copy of a list (other than a register), where a payment is required and authorised by the Registration Acts.

For any list or copy of a list containing any number of persons names: —

Not exceeding 100 names -

Exceeding 100 and not exceeding 200 -

Exceeding 200 and not exceeding 800 .....

Exceeding 300 and not exceeding 400 -

Exceeding 400 -

Form No. 30.

8, d.

0 6

1 0

1 6

2 0

2 6

Table of Rates of Payment to be demanded and paid for any copy of a register, or part of any register, where a payment is required and authorised by the Registration Acts.

For every copy of any register, or any part of any register, containing any number of persons names

Not exceeding 1,000 names Exceeding 1,000 and not exceeding 3,000 Exceeding 3,000 and not exceeding 6,000 Exceeding 6,000 and not exceeding 9,000 Exceeding 9,000 -

8. d.

1 0

2 6

5 0

7 6

10 0

Form No. 31.

Claim of Lodger.

County of, polling district of, for

borough of ].

To the clerk of the peace for the county of, [or to the town

clerk of the borough of ].

I hereby claim to be inserted in the list of voters in respect of the occupation of the under-mentioned lodgings, and the particulars of my qualification are stated in the column below.

Name of Claimant in fall, Surname being first. Description of Rooms occupied, and whether Furnished or not. Street. Lane, or other Place and Number (if any) of House in which Lodgings situate. Amount of Rent paid. Name and Address of Landlord or other Person te whom Rent is paid.

Stevens, John William. Two rooms, first floor, famished. 51, B Street - 16s. a week. William Johnson, High Street.

11 & pH. 17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 VrcT.

1 hereby declare that I have during the twelve calendar months immediately preceding the twentieth day of July in this year occupied as sole tenant [or as joint tenant with

], and resided in the above-mentioned lodgings, and that those lodgings are of a clear yearly value, if let unfurnished, of ten [or twenty] pounds or upwards X and I hereby declare that I am on the register of parliamentary voters for the said parliamentary borough in respect of the same lodgings as a*>ove mentioned, and I desire to have my name inserted in the lodgers list.J *

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B. (the claimant).

* Omit the words between crosses if they are not applicable.

If the parliamentary borough on the register of which the claimant is entered is extinguished by the Redistribution Act, substitute " the parliamentary borough of-" for u the said parliamentary borough.'

I, the undersigned, hereby declare that I have witnessed the above signature of the above named [here state name of claimant], at the date stated above, and that I believe the above claim to be correct.

Dated the day of 18 .

(Signed) C.D., of [state residence and calling of

Note. — If the claim is in respect of different rooms successively occupied as lodgings in the same house, the notice of claim must specify each room, or set of rooms, so occupied.

If the claimant is on the register in respect of the same lodgings, and desires to have his name inserted in the old lodgers list published on or before the twentieth day of July, he must send in his claim on or before the fourteenth day of July.

In any other case he must send it in after the twentieth day of July, and on or before the fourth day of August.

If there are two joint lodgers, the yearly value of the lodgings must be twenty pounds or upwards.

Form No. 32.

List of Lodger Claimants.

The following persons claim as lodgers to have their names inserted in the lists of parliamentary voters for the parliamentary borough of or

division of the county of

Name of Claimant in full. 8uraaroe being first. Description of R^oms occupied, and whether Furnished or not. Street, Lane, or other PlAoe and Number (if any) of House in which Lodgings are situate. Amount of Rent paid. Name and Address of landlord or other Person to whom Rent is paid.

Dated this day of in the year

Signed,

A.B., Town Clerk, or Clerk of the Peace.

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 17.

119

Fobm No. 33.

Notice as to Rates to be served upon Inhabitant Occupiers by the Board

of Guardians of every Union.

[To be served on or before 20th May pursuant to s. 28 of 30 31 Vict. c. 102.]

extended to counties and boroughs in Ireland by Schedule 1 of the Representation of the People Act, 1884.]

To A.B.,

Division of district of

, county of, [or borough of

polling

Take notice, that you will not be entitled to have your name inserted in the list of voters for this county [or borough] now about to be made in respect of the premises in your occupation in [situation of dwelling-house] unless, on or before the first of July, all poor rates due in respect of the premises up to the first of January last, amounting to /.,

are paid by you or by the owner of the premises; and if such payment is not made, you will be incapable of being on the next register of voters for the county of [or

borough of ].

Dated,

Signed,

C.D., Clerk of the Union.

[Note. — Where any sum on account of poor rate in a union up to the first day of January in any year remains unpaid in respect of property in the union capable of conferring the franchise in respect of the household qualification, the board of guardians of the union are, on or before the twentieth of May, to give to every occupier of that property a notice in the form above, by delivering it to such occupier, or leaving it at his last or usual place of abode, or with some person on the property in respect of which the rate is payable, and in case no such person can be found, then by affixing it upon some conspicuous part of the property.

They need not give this notice if the rate has been previously duly demanded of such occupier by a demand note served in the like manner as the last-mentioned notice, but they must serve the notice on every occupier of that property who will, if the rate is paid, be entitled to be registered as a voter as aforesaid in respect of the occupation thereof.

In the year 1885 this notice may be served at any time before the ninth of June.]

Form No. 34.

Form of Requisition by the Clerk to the Board of Guardians of every Union requiring Names of Inhabitant Occupiers.

To E.F.

You are hereby required to fill up accurately the under-written form.

If this form is not returned to me, accurately filled up, within twenty-one days after the service hereof, you will be liable under the Representation of the People Act, 1884, to n penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Dated this day of 18 .

[Clerk of the Union of .]

120

Ch. 17. Parliamentary Registration () Act, 1885. 48. Vict.

Form of.

1. Property in respect of which the Person making the Return is rated [or liable to be rated, or occupier]. 2. Situation or Description of every Dwelling-house, as defined by the Representation of the People Acts, forming part of the Property in hirst Column. 3. Surname and other Name of every Man who was on the twentieth day of July last, and has been up to the date of the Return, an Inhabitant Occupier of any Dwelling-house in the Second Column.

I declare that the above is a true and complete return.

[Note. — A copy of this form shall be served in respect of every separate rating, and the clerk to the board of guardians and the respective collector or collectors of poor rates are required to fill in column No. I, according to the rate book, before the form is served.

When a form has been mislaid or spoiled, or erroneously filled up, another form shall be supplied by the clerk to the board of guardians, or the rate collector, on application by or on behalf of the person required to fill up the form.

The form, when returned through the post, is to be received and duly dealt with by the clerk and all other officials, even though the postage be not prepaid.]

, (Signed) £.F.

Dated the day of 18 .

Note. — The description of the property in the first column should be a copy from the rate book, and should be filled in by the clerk of the union, and if it is a house numbered in a street should specify the street and number.

The following instructions should be annexed to the form, with such alterations, if any, as the clerk thinks necessary for adapting them to the circumstances of the union or of the property to which the notice refers: —

Instructions for filling up the Form.

The dwelling-house in the second column may be either —

(a.) A separate house — for example, a cottage or a labourer's house:

(6.) A part of a dwelling-house separately occupied as a dwelling — for example, a room or rooms over a stable, caretaker's rooms in an office:

(c.) A room or rooms in a house let out in separate tenements:

If it is a cottage, insert in second column " cottage in road, " or otherwise

specify its locality.

If it is a part of a dwelling-house, insert in the second column " rooms over stable, " " basement of office, " " rooms over shop, " or otherwise specify the locality of the room or rooms.

If it is a house let out in separate tenements, insert in the second column the position of the room or rooms occupied; for example, " first floor, front room."

In the third column insert, opposite ter the description of the dwelling-house in the second column, the name of the man who now inhabits it, and has inhabited it since the twentieth day of July last.

If it has not been so inhabited state so, or omit the dwelling-house from the second column.

1885. Parliamentary Registration (Irel, 1885. Ch. 17. 121

In filling np the return it must be recollected that, under the Representation of the People Acts, —

(a.) A man may occupy part of a house separately, although he is entitled to the joint use of some other part of the dwelling-house; for example, a man occupying the first floor front rooms, and having joint use of a wash-house, may occupy a part of a house separately:

(b.) In the case of what is commonly called the service franchise, namely, a person who occupies by reason of any office, service, or employment, if his superior officer or employer inhabits the same house, he is not considered a separate inhabitant occupier; for example, a butler occupying rooms in his master's house is not such an occupier:

(c.) If the landlord of a house let out in separate tenements lives in the house, he need not return the names of the occupiers of tenements in that house:

(d.) The head of the family alone is considered to be the occupier.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 9.

Enactments relative to new Polling Districts and Polling Places and the Lists of

Voters therein.

Session and Chapter. Title. Enactments applied.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. - The Ballot Act, 1872 1 Section 18, sub-sections 1 to 7, both included; sub-sections 11, 12, and 13; sub-section 17, sub-section 19.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 2. - 1 The Polling Districts (Ireland) Sections 1 and 2, except sub-

Act, 1873. sections 1 and 2 of section 2.

Amendments to be made in the above-mentioned enactments for the purposes of this Act: —

In the Ballot Act, 1872, —

(1.) In section eighteen, sub-section one, the words "before the first day of November next after the passing of this Act " shall be omitted.

(2.) So much of section eighteen, sub-section two, as relates to the publication in two newspapers and in the M Dublin Gazette " of the notice herein mentioned, shall be and is hereby repealed.

(3.) In section eighteen, sub-section four, the words "before the first day of December next after the passing of this Act " shall be omitted.

In both the Ballot Act, 1872, and the Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873, —

References to the said Acts, and to orders made, proceedings taken, or things done under them, shall be construed as if they were references to the enactments of, and to orders made, proceedings taken, and things done under the said Acts as they are re-enacted by and incorporated into this Act.

The forms and directions applicable to cases where new polling districts have been constituted, contained in the First Schedule to this Act, shall be substituted for the corresponding forms and directions contained in the Schedule to the Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873.

122

Ch. 17, 18. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

Section SO. THIRD SCHEDULE.

Notice of Objection to be given to Parties, not being Persons named in any List of Claimants, objected to by any Person other than the Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the Union, or Poor Rate Collector.

Polling district of

To Mr., of

Take notice that I object to vonr name [in the notice to the, instead of the words "your name " insert the name of the person objected being retained on the list for this polling district of voters for the county of [or borough of ],

and I ground my objection on —

Here the objector shall specifically state the ground or grounds of his objection. He shall be deemed to have satisfied this provision by naming the column or columns of the register on which he grounds his objection, as thus: —

And I ground my objection on the column of the register headed —

[Here specify column by reference to its heading].

Dated this day of one thousand eight hundred and

Signed A.B., of [place of abode], being now registered [or] on the register of voters or list of voters [as the case may for the county of [or borough of ].

30 & 81 Vict. c. 134.

Short title.and construction.

Extension of limits of 30 & 81 Vict. c. 184.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to extend the Area to which the Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867, applies.

[21st May 1885.]

WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867, provisions are made for regulating the traffic of the metropolis and for the greater security of persons passing through the streets, and by section four of the said Act it is enacted as follows:—

" The expression the general limits of this Act ' shall mean such " parts of the metropolis as are enclosed in a circle of which " the centre is Charing Cross, and the radii are four miles in " length as measured in a straight line from Charing Cross ":

" The expression ‘ the special limits of this Act ' shall mean such " streets and portions of streets as may be declared to be " special limits in manner herein-after prescribed ":

And whereas it is expedient to extend the general limits of the said Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Streets Act, 1885, and shall be construed as one with the Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867, and may be cited together with that Act as the Metropolitan Streets Acts, 1867 and 1885.

2. In section four of the Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867, " six miles " shall be substituted for " four miles, " and the said Act shall take effect and be construed accordingly.

1885. Industrial Schools (Ireland), 1885. Ch. 19. 123

CHAPTER 19.

An Act further to facilitate the building, enlargement, and maintenance of Industrial Schools in Ireland.

[21st May 1885.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to create additional facilities for the provision and improvement of industrial schools in Ireland:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. It shall be lawful for the grand jury of any county, county of Power to grand a city, or county of . a town, if they shall think fit, at any assizes, cer '

or for the town councils of the boroughs of Dublin, Limerick, and councils to Cork, to contribute such sums of money, to be raised off such county contribute to-or borough, and upon such conditions as such grand jury or town J^industriaf' council may think fit, towards the alteration, enlargement, or schools, rebuilding of a certified industrial school, or towards the establishment or building of a school intended to be a certified industrial school, or towards the purchase of any land required for the use of an existing industrial school, or for the site of any school intended to be an industrial school.

2. Any grand jury and the town councils of Dublin, Limerick, and Cork, may, with the approval of the chief secretary to the Lord borrow money Lieutenant, borrow money or give security for the repayment of to build, &c. money borrowed or to be borrowed for the purpose of defraying or , g°(J"t^al contributing towards the expense of altering, enlarging, or re- 8 °° 8' building a certified industrial school, or towards the expense of the establishment or building of a school intended to be a certified industrial school, or towards the purchase of any land required for the use of an existing industrial school, or for the site of any school intended to be an industrial school.

3. Any moneys borrowed or for repayment of which security Mode of may be given under this Act, may be charged on any rate levied securit3r-by the grand jury or town council borrowing or giving security, or on any property belonging to such town council, and shall be repaid together with the interest due thereon, out of such rate or property; and every such grand jury and town council may present such moneys, and make and levy such lates as may be required for such repayment.

4. When any grand jury or town council borrows or gives Principal as security for any money under this Act, they shall charge the rates 1

or property out of which the moneys borrowed or secured are 8

payable not only with the interest of the moneys so borrowed or secured, but also with the payment of such principal sum as will secure the repayment of the whole sum borrowed within a period not exceeding thirty-five years.

5. The clauses of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with the cl^?e8 exception of the eighty fourth clause, with respect to mortgages M (0 lct‘ to be created by the Commissioners, shall form part of and be borrowing incorporated with this Act; and any mortgagee or assignee may rated

124

Provisions as to notice by grand jury.

Provision as to order for borrowing.

Industrial school to be certified.

Power to Commissioners of Public Works to make loans.

Ch. 19. Indvstrial Schools (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

enforce payment of his principal and interest by the appointment of a receiver.

In the construction of the said clauses "the Commissioners" shall mean the grand jury or town council.

6. Not less than two months previous notice of the intention of such grand jury or town council to take into consideration the making of a contribution, and the borrowing or securing of money under the provisions herein-before contained, at a time and place to be mentioned in such notice, shall be given by advertisement in some one or more newspaper or newspapers circulating within such county or borough, and also in the manner in which notices relating to business to be transacted by such grand jury or town council are usually given.

7. When such contribution or such borrowing or securing of money is proposed to be made by the town council of a borough, the order shall be made at a special meeting of the council.

8. No contract for borrowing or securing money under the provisions contained in this Act shall be entered into, unless the industrial school is at the time of entering into such contract certified under the sixth section of the Act of the session held in the thirty-first year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-five.

9. In addition to purposes for which loans may be made under Acts already in force, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, subject to such rules and regulations as may from time to time be made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to make loans in such cases as the said Commissioners of Public Works may judge expedient for any of the purposes for which grand juries or town councils are by the provisions of this Act permitted to contribute or borrow or secure the repayment of money: Provided always, that the amount of any such loan shall not exceed five thousand pounds.

Inpayment of loans.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 77.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 27.

10. Every loan which shall be made under the provisions of this Act by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall be made repayable within such periods and at such rate of interest as are set forth in a minute of the Treasury made on the sixteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, with reference to loans to which section two of the Public Works Loans Act, 1879, applies, or as the Treasury may from time to time fix in pursuance of that section; and save as regards such periods and rate of interest, the enactments relating to loans made by the said Commissioners of Public Works for the purpose of public buildings erected wholly or partly out of moneys contributed by grand juries or town councils shall, so far as is consistent with this Act, apply in like manner as if a loan under this Act were a loan made in pursuance of those enactments; and any loan made by the Commissioners of Public Works under this Act shall be deemed to be an advance to which section four of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, applies.

Charge upon lands and premises.

11. All lands upon which any buildings or erections may stand which shall be altered, enlarged, or rebuilt, or established, or built.

1885.

125

Industrial Schools (, 1885. Ch. 19.

or which shall have been purchased wholly or partly by means of a loan under this Act, and all such buildings and erections shall be deemed to be and shall be well charged with the payment of the principal and interest of such loan, and that in priority to all charges and incumbrances affecting the same, save and except quit rents and rentcharges in lieu of tithes, and except all charges prior in date (if any) charged upon the premises in favour of the Commissioners of Public Works: Provided always, that in case such lands or buildings shall be held under any grant or demise, nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the right of the grantor or lessor, in any such grant or demise or of any superior grantor or lessor.

12. When any loan shall be made under this Act by the Commissioners of Public Works, the said Commissioners, if they think fit, may insure against damage by fire all buildings and erections then or thereafter standing or being on the lands or premises charged with such loan, such insurance to be effected in such insurance office or company and in such sum of money, not exceeding the amount of such loan as the said Commissioners shall from time to time direct, and the said Commissioners shall keep on foot such insurance as aforesaid, and all premiums paid thereon by the said Commissioners shall be deemed to be included in all charges and securities whereby repayment of such loan shall be secured, and shall be forthwith recoverable in like manner as any principal or interest payable in respect of such loan.

13. The repayment of every loan which shall be made under the provisions of this Act shall be secured by an order of the said Commissioners of Public Works under the common seal of the Commissioners as incorporated under any Act of Parliament, and, if they require it, by the further security of at least three persons, the sufficiency and solvency of which persons shall be made out to the satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and by such security as any grand jury or town council may, under the provisions enabling such grand juries and town councils to borrow, or give security for the repayment of money, agree upon with the said Commissioners, all such securities to be subject to such conditions as the said Commissioners shall deem to be proper; and every such order shall set forth the amount of such loan, the names of the persons to whom or on whose application and on whose security the same has been made, and a description of the lands, premises, and other securities charged therewith. In all cases when the said Commissioners shall have made any such order they shall execute a duplicate thereof under their common seal, and forthwith cause the said duplicate order to be lodged with the registrar of deeds in the office for the registry of deeds in the city of Dublin, and the said registrar and his and their assistants, deputies, or other officers shall register the same in the same manner as any deeds or instruments are registered in the same office, and shall enter a memorial thereof in the abstract books and indexes of and relating to memorials registered and kept in the said office, and shall return such registry in any search made in such registry office: Provided always, that no fees shall be payable in respect of such registration.

Insurance of premises subject to loan.

Commissioners to make an order.

126

Ch. 19, 20. Industrial Schools (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 Vict.

Additional 14. In any proceedings instituted by the Commissioners of Public to Enforcement ^or^s for recovering any money due on account of any loan under of payment of this Act, the certificate of the Commissioners as so incorporated as Joans. aforesaid under their seal that the sum claimed is due on account of

such loan shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated.

It shall be the duty of every grand jury and town council to whom any loan is made under this Act to do all matters and things necessary for providing for the repayment of all moneys due from time to time on account of such loan.

Nothing contained in this section shall be taken to prejudice any proceedings which the Commissioners of Public Works might, institute for recovering any sum due to them on account of any loan made under this Act.

[Short title.]

15. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Industrial Schools (Ireland) Act, 1885.

Irish students not required to keep terms in London.

Act to apply to

existing

students.

No Irish student to keep more ihan twelve terms commons.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Admission of Barristers in Ireland.

[21st May 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the passing of this Act persons seeking to be admitted to practise as barristers at the Irish bar shall not be required to keep any terms commons, or enter their names in any of the Inns of Court in London.

2. Existing students shall be entitled to the benefit of this Act, and no student who has kept a portion of the terms heretofore required to be kept in one of the London Inns of Court shall be required to complete such terms in London.

3. Any person seeking to be admitted to practise as a barrister in Ireland shall not be required to keep more than twelve terms commons; provided that every such person may, if he shall think fit, keep any number not exceeding four of the required terms commons in any one of the Inns of Court in London.

4. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Barristers Admission (Ireland) Act, 1885.

1885. Burial Boards (Contested Elections), 1885. Ch. 21, 22.

127

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Contested Elections of Burial Boards.

[25th June 1885.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that provision should be made with

* respect to the payment of expenses incurred in contested elections of burial boards appointed by vestries:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Burial Boards (Contested Elec- Short title, tions) Act, 1885.

2. The reasonable expenses incurred in taking a poll of the rate- Expenses of payers of any parish or part of a parish on the occasion either of the £°id81° the appointment or re-appointment by the vestry of persons to be the burial board. burial board for such parish or part of a parish, or of the filling up

by the vestry of any vacancy or vacancies on such burial board, shall be defrayed by the burial board in the same manner as if they were expenses incurred by such burial board in carrying the Burial Acts into execution, and may be included in any certificate to the overseers in respect of the expenses of such burial board.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to provide for Expenses incurred in relation to Conferences of Local Authorities.

[25th June 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health and Local Government Conferences Act, 1885.

2. Any local authority may, when empowered by and subject to Expenses of any regulations made by the Local Government Board in that 1?al auth<^V behalf (which regulations the said Board is hereby authorised allowed^ from time to time to make, vary, or rescind), pay the reasonable expenses of any member or members or clerk to the local authority attending any conference or meeting of members of local authorities held for the purpose of discussing any matter which is connected with the duties which devolve on them, and any reasonable expenses incurred in purchasing reports of the proceedings of any such meeting or conference, and may charge the amount to any rates applicable to the general purposes of the Public Health ss & 89 Vict. Act, 1875, within their district. c- 55 *

3. Expressions used in this Act have the same respective mean- Interpretation, ings as they have in the Public Health Act, 1875, save and except that in England the term " local authority " shall not mean or include the urban authority of any borough.

128

Act to apply to Ireland.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

[Short title.]

Borough* named in First Schedule to become parts of counties or boroughs.

Disfranchisement of certain boroughs for corruption.

Boroughs to have numbers of members reduced.

Boroughs to have additional members.

Ch. 22, 23. Public Health and Local Government 48 & 49 Vict. Conferences, 1885.

4. In the application of this Act to Ireland —

(a.) The term "Local Government Board " shall mean the Local Government Board for Ireland:

(6.) The Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall be substituted for the Public Health Act, 1875:

(c.) The expression "local authority " shall mean rural sanitary authority and urban sanitary authority.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act for the Redistribution of Seats at Parliamentary Elections, and for other purposes.

[25th June 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

PART I.

Redistribution.

Boroughs.

2. From and after the end of this present Parliament the Parliamentary boroughs named in the first part of the First Schedule to this Act shall cease as boroughs to return any member.

Each of the counties of cities and towns in the second part of the said schedule named shall, for the purpose of Parliamentary elections, be included in the county at large named opposite thereto in that part of the said schedule.

3. Whereas Commissioners appointed in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty, in pursuance of Addresses to Her Majesty from both Houses of Parliament in relation to Parliamentary elections for the Parliamentary boroughs named in the third part of the First Schedule to this Act, reported in that year that corrupt practices had extensively prevailed in the said boroughs at such elections, be it therefore enacted as follows: —

After the passing of this Act each of the Parliamentary boroughs named in the third part of the First Schedule to this Act shall cease to be entitled to return any member.

4. From and after the end of this present Parliament the City of London shall return two members, and no more, and each of the Parliamentary boroughs named in the Second Schedule to this Act shall return one member, and no more.

5. From and after the end of this present Parliament each of the Parliamentary boroughs named in the Third Schedule to this Act shall return the number of members named opposite to such borough in the said schedule.

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23. 129

6. From and after the end of this present Parliament each of boroughs, the towns and places named in the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall be a Parliamentary borough, and return the number of members specified opposite thereto in the said schedule; and each such new Parliamentary borough shall include the places and be comprised within the boundaries specified opposite thereto in the said schedule; and any Parliamentary borough existing at the passing of this Act, which is wholly or as regards the greater part thereof in extent comprised within the metropolis, and within the boundaries of any Parliamentary borough or boroughs constituted by this section, shall, from and after the end of this present Parliament, cease to exist as a borough.

7. — (1.) From and after the end of this present Parliament each Boroughs of the Parliamentary boroughs named in the Fifth Schedule to this boundaries Act shall for all purposes of and relating to. Parliamentary elections altered, include the places and be comprised within the boundaries which

are respectively specified and described in the said schedule, and shall not include the places which are either therein specified and described as excluded, or are included by this Act in any other Parliamentary borough.

(2.) Where, by virtue of this section, any area is added to a borough being a county of a city or of a town in which freeholders are entitled to vote for the borough, that area shall, for all purposes of and relating to Parliamentary elections held after the end of this present Parliament, form part of the county of a city or town, and not of the county at large of which it has heretofore formed part.

8. — (1.) From and after the end of this present Parliament each Division of of the Parliamentary boroughs mentioned in the Sixth Schedule to Parliamentary this Act shall, for the purpose of returning members to serve for boroughs‘ such borough in Parliament, be divided into divisions.

(2.) The number of members for each division, and the number, names, contents, and boundaries of such divisions respectively shall be those specified in the said schedule.

(3.) Where any Parliamentary borough is divided into divisions in pursuance of this section a person shall not be registered as entitled to vote and shall not vote in more than one such division.

(4.) At a general Parliamentary election the polls (if any) for the

divisions in a divided borough shall be taken on the same day, such

day to be fixed by the returning officer of the borough, but nothing

in this sub-section shall be taken to enlarge or extend the discretion

vested in him by the Ballot Act, 1872, as to fixing the day of poll. 35 & 36 Vict.

c. 33.

Counties.

9. — (1.) From and after the end of this present Parliament, Division of each of the counties at large named in the Seventh Schedule to counties, this Act shall return the number of members in that behalf named

in the said schedule; and for the purpose of returning such members, if more than one, shall be divided into the same number of divisions as the number of members; and each division shall return one member; and the divisions (if any) of such county existing at the passing of this Act for the purpose of Parliamentary elections shall cease.

130

Qu&lification by occupation of premises in immediate succession in divided borough.

Provisions as to Warwick and Pembroke.

Returning officers in new boroughs.

Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 40 Vict.

(2.) The names, contents, and boundaries of such divisions respectively shall be those specified in the said schedule, and any name placed before the description of a division shall be the name of the division, and where the Dames of the divisions are in the alternative, the division may be designated by both or either of such names for all purposes.

(3.) Subject to the provisions of this Act the members for each such division of a county shall be elected by persons qualified in the same manner, and the nomination and other proceedings at Parliamentary elections for such division shall be conducted in the same manner, as if such division were a separate constituency, and the law relating to Parliamentary elections shall apply to each such division as if it were a separate county.

PART II.

Supplemental Provisions.

JO. The occupation in immediate succession of different premises situate within a Parliamentary borough shall, for the purpose of qualifying a person for voting in any division of such borough in respect of occupation (otherwise, than as a lodger), have the same effect, as if all 6uch premises were situate in that division of the borough, in which the premises occupied by such person at the end of the period of qualification are situated)

11. The borough of Warwick shall be called Warwick and Leamington.

The law relating to the elections for the Parliamentary borough of Pembroke shall apply as if the places comprised in the area of the present Parliamentary borough of Haverfordwest w ere named in the Act of the session of the second and third years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter forty-five, as places sharing in the election of a member for Pembroke, and the borough shall be called Pembroke and Haverfordwest.

12. — (1.) Save as in this Act mentioned, in each of the Parliamentary boroughs constituted under this Act in which there is not, for the time being, a mayor, a returning officer shall be appointed in like manner as if such borough were included among the boroughs mentioned in Schedule (C.) to the Act of the session of the second and third years of the 'reign of King William the Fourth, chapter forty-five, intituled " An Act to amend the Representation of the " People in England and Wales, " for which boroughs no persons are specified in such schedule as returning officers. Provided that every sheriff shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, appoint a returning officer for each Parliamentary borough which is constituted under this Act, and is within his jurisdiction, and requires such appointment, and any returning officer so appointed shall hold his office until the time in the ensuing year fixed by law for the appointment of returning officers.

(2.) A returning officer of a Parliamentary borough appointed by a sheriff of a county in pursuance of section eleven of the said Act, or of any enactment (whether in this or any other Act) applying that section, need not be resident in the borough for which he is returning officer, provided that, if not so resident, he shall have

131

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

an office therein for the purpose of his duties in relation to the registration of voters and to elections in such borough.

(3.) Where a Parliamentary borough is situate in more than one county, the returning officer appointed as above mentioned shall be appointed by the sheriff of the county in which the largest part of such Parliamentary borough in extent is situate.

(4.) Whereas by the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, it is 45 & 46 Vict. enacted that if there are more mayors than one within the c. 50. boundaries of a Parliamentary borough, the mayor of that municipal borough to which the writ of election is directed shall be the returning officer: Be it therefore enacted that —

In any such case the writ of election shall be directed to the mayor of that one of the municipal boroughs to the mayor of which the writ has before the passing of this Act been directed, or if it has not been directed to any such mayor, then to the mayor of that one of the municipal boroughs which has the largest population according to the last census for the time being, and in any such case the town clerk of the municipal borough, the mayor of which is the returning officer, shall be the town clerk who, under the Registration Acts, is to receive the revised lists of Parliamentary voters from the revising barrister, and is to copy and print them and to deliver the register of voters to the returning officer, and the council of the same borough shall be the council to allow the expenses of such town clerk.

(5.) In any new borough constituted under this Act, the whole or the larger part of the area of which was before the passing of this Act comprised in the Parliamentary borough of Westminster, the high bailiff of Westminster shall be the returning officer for the new borough, and also the town clerk for the new borough within the meaning of the Registration Acts, and may, by writing under his hand, appoint a fit person to be his deputy for all or any of the purposes relating to Parliamentary elections in any such new borough, and anything in relation to a Parliamentary election authorised or required to be done by, to, or before the returning officer, may be done by, to, or before the high bailiff himself or such deputy.

(6.) Every such deputy shall, in so far as he acts as returning officer, be deemed to be included in the expression "returning officer " within the meaning of the law relating to Parliamentary elections.

13. Where a Parliamentary borough is divided into divisions, As to boroughs the returning officer of such borough shall be the returning officer ^1^, 8°*° for each division, and may, by writing under his hand, appoint a fit person to be his deputy for all or any of the purposes relating to a Parliamentary election in any such division, and anything in relation to a Parliamentary election authorised or required to be done by, to, or before the returning officer (except the fixing of the day for taking the polls), may be done by, to, or before the returning officer himself or such deputy.

(2.) Every such deputy shall, in so far as he acts as returning officer, be deemed to be included in the expression "returning officer " within the meaning of the law relating to Parliamentary elections.

132

Registration of freemen in divided boroughs.

Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

(3.) For the purpose of determining the distance of the residence of any voter, and for all purposes of and incidental to the registration of voters in a Parliamentary borough divided into divisions, and for the purpose of the enactments respecting the division of any such borough into polling districts, all the divisions shall be deemed to form the same Parliamentary borough:

Provided that the lists and register of voters for the borough shall be framed, printed, and arranged in parts so as to correspond to the divisions thereof; and the voters in each division shall be numbered in a separate series.

(4.) In a borough divided into divisions, the election for two or more of such divisions shall be deemed to be the same election within the meaning of the enactments relating to personation and to voting, and the question which may be asked of voters at the poll shall be, " Have you already voted here or elsewhere at this " election for the borough of either in

" this or in any other division ? "

(5.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where any Parliamentary borough is divided into divisions, the members for each division of such borough shall be elected by the persons registered in such division as voters for the borough, and the nomination and other proceedings at Parliamentary elections for such division shall be conducted in the same manner as if such division were a separate constituency, and the law relating to Parliamentary elections shall apply to each division as if it were a separate Parliamentary borough.

14. — (1.) In a Parliamentary borough divided into divisions persons registered as freemen shall be entitled to vote —

(a) if their place of abode is in the borough, then in the division in which such place of abode is situate; and

(b) if their place of abode is not in the borough, then in the division to which such persons (in this section referred to as non-resident freemen) are allotted by the revising barrister,

and shall not be entitled in respect of the qualification of freemen to vote elsewhere than in such division, and the registration of voters shall be conducted and the register of voters arranged so as to give effect to this enactment.

(2.) The non-resident freemen shall be allotted in equal numbers so nearly as may be among the several divisions of the borough as follows: —

(a) at the first revision after the passing of this Act the revising barrister shall first settle by lot the order of the divisions of the borough for the purpose of the allotment, and then allot among such divisions the non-resident freemen, allotting to the division first in order the freemen whose names are earliest in alphabetical order, and so on with the other divisions and freemen;

(b) at every subsequent annual revision at which any nonresident freemen not on the then existing register are registered, the revising barrister shall allot them among the divisions in such manner as may, so nearly as may be, maintain an equal number of non-resident freemen in each division, and shall allot them according to alphabetical order by allotting those

1885.

133

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

whose names are the earliest in alphabetical order to the first division (according to the order settled as aforesaid) to which at that revision any freeman is to be allotted.

16. For the purposes of the provision of the schedule to the Adaptation of Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, with respect *65* v, ct> to the voting of any paid election agent, sub-agent, polling agent, divided clerk, or messenger, a Parliamentary borough divided into divisions borough, shall be deemed to form one borough, and any such agent, clerk, or messenger employed for payment at an election for any division may not vote in any other division of the borough.

16. — (1.) The place of election in the case of a division of a As to place of county at large shall be in such town situate in the said county at election* large, or in a county of a city or town adjoining the said county at

large, as the local authority having power to divide the division into polling districts, or in default of any determination by such local authority the returning officer, may from time to time determine, as being, in their or his opinion, the most convenient for the purposes of the election. Provided that in Ireland the place of election, in the case of a division of a county at large, shall from time to time be fixed by the returning officer, and shall be situate within the division or within a county of a city or town adjoining that division.

(2.) The place of election, in the case of a Parliamentary borough or any division of a Parliamentary borough, shall be such room or rooms in the said borough as the returning officer may from time to time determine, as being, in his opinion, the most convenient for the purposes of the election.

17. Where a place in which the qualifying property of any voter Saving of is situate is changed from one Parliamentary area to another, then,

on the occasion of the first registration of Parliamentary voters Parliamentary which takes place after the passing of this Act, such voter shall, as area if other-respects his right to have his name placed on the register and other wise ^uallfied-rights of registration, whether arising out of successive occupation or the occupation of the same lodgings or otherwise, stand in the same position, so far as circumstances admit, in relation to the new area as he would have stood in if this Act had been in force before the commencement of the period of qualification, and such voter had acquired his rights under the law in force at such commencement as amended by this Act and the Representation 48 & 49 Vict. of the People Act, 1884, and so much of the register of voters c* 3. existing at the passing of this Act as relates to the new area had been a register for the new area.

A place shall be deemed to be changed from one Parliamentary area to another when it becomes part of a constituency of which it did not form part before the passing of this Act: and where the area of the constituency of which such place before such change formed part becomes, after such change, part of two or more constituencies each of such two or more constituencies shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to have included the whole of the said area.

18. Any such constitution of new parishes or division or Detached parts alteration of boundaries of parishes made for poor law purposes of parishes, by or in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, as has come into

134 Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

operation on or before the twenty-sixth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and any alteration of the boundary of a county which is incidental to such constitution, division, or alteration, shall have effect also for all purposes of the law relating to Parliamentary elections for any future Parliament.

Transitory 19. (1.) The registers of voters in force in the year one thousand

provisions as eight hundred and eighty-five shall continue in force until the voters8t01* of dissolution of this present Parliament, but, notwithstanding the continuance of this present Parliament, registers of voters shall be formed in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five as they will require to be formed after the end of this present Parliament, and not otherwise.

(2.) Divisions of counties may be divided into polling districts at any time after the passing of this Act in like manner as they might be divided after the end of this present Parliament.

(3.) Where any act or thing has, before this Act came into operation, been done in pursuance of the Registration Acts, or in relation to polling districts or polling places, such act or thing shall be as valid as it would have been if this Act had previously thereto come into operation, and it had been done by the officer or authority and in the form and in relation to the constituency by whom, and in, and in relation to which it would have been done if this Act had previously thereto come into operation, and where any act or thing ought to have been done if this Act had come into operation before the time for doing the same, the same shall be done forthwith after this Act comes into operation, and shall be as valid as if it had been done at the time now appointed by law.

(4.) In England the clerks of the peace and town clerks shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, send to the overseers on whom they have served precepts under the Registration Acts, such supplemental precepts as are necessary or desirable for instructing the overseers to carry into effect the Registration Acts in the constituencies as altered by this Act, and in municipal boroughs affected by this Act, and in particular shall, where necessary, instruct overseers as to the difference between the county and borough lists of voters, and shall direct the overseers of parishes situate in municipal boroughs, and included by this Act in parliamentary boroughs, to prepare lists of burgesses in conjunction with the lists of parliamentary voters, and shall send the corrupt and illegal practices list containing the names of voters disqualified by this Act. Every such supplemental precept shall be served by the clerk of the peace or town clerk who would have served the former precept if this Act had come into operation before the time for the service of such former precept.

(5.) In Ireland any polling districts which have been formed in anticipation of the provisions of this Act shall be valid; nevertheless, if the districts are inconsistent with the boundaries of any divisions constituted by this Act, the Lord Lieutenant, by and with the advice of the Privy Council, may by order alter or vary such polling districts and the polling places for such districts in such manner as appears to him necessary or desirable for bringing

135

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. -Ch. 23.

such polling districts into conformity with the boundaries of such divisions.

20. — (1.) Where the boundary of a Parliamentary borough or Marking of

division of a borough does not follow the boundary of a parish do

or township, or other well-defined line of demarcation, the local no'foliow ° authority having power to divide such borough into polling dis- well-defined tricts shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, cause linee *

the several points of deviation of the boundary to be marked by means of boundary stones, posts, or other marks, which shall from time to time be maintained and renewed by such local authority.

(2.) For the purposes of this section, any officer authorised in that behalf by the local authority, may, by himself and his workmen, enter upon any lands, doing as little damage as possible, and making compensation for such damage, the amount of such damage to be determined in case of dispute in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts, with respect to disputed compensation for land.

(3.) All expenses properly incurred by a local authority in pursuance of this section shall be defrayed as part of the expenses of the town clerk in the registration of voters for the Parliamentary borough.

21. All writs to be issued for Parliamentary elections, and all Adaptation of mandates, precepts, instruments, proceedings, and notices consequent wnts* upon such writs, or relating to Parliamentary elections or the registration of voters, shall be framed and expressed in such

manner and form as may be necessary for carrying into effect the provisions of this Act, and of the Representation of the People Act, 48 & 49 vict* 1884. c. 3.

22. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the law now in force Election laws

relating to Parliamentary elections shall remain in full force, and in

shall apply, as nearly as circumstances admit, to any constituency orce* authorised by this Act to return a member or members to Parliament as if it had heretofore returned such members to Parliament.

23. In the schedules to this Act unless the context otherwise Definition of requires the following expressions have the meanings hereby Schedules8 m assigned to them, that is to say: —

The expression "county" means a county at large.

The expression "sessional division" means a county petty sessional division as existing on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, exclusive of any municipal borough having a separate commission of the peace which is geographically situate within that division, and a " county petty sessional division" means any division of a county, or of a riding, division, or parts of a county, in and for which division petty sessions or special sessions are usually held, whether in one or more place or places in accordance with any Act of Parliament, custom, or otherwise.

All towns corporate and places, which are not included in a sessional division as above defined and are not expressly mentioned in the schedules to this Act, shall be considered as included in the sessional division which they adjoin, or if they adjoin more than one sessional division then in the sessional division with which they have the longest common boundary.

Ch. 23, Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Where a parish, townland, or other place with a definite boundary, whether larger or smaller than a parish or townland, is situate in a county or borough divided into Parliamentary divisions, and such parish, townland, or other place is not, in the schedules to thi3 Act, included in any of the Parliamentary divisions of the county or borough in which it is situate, such parish, townland, or place, shall be considered as included in that one of those parliamentary divisions which it adjoins, or if it adjoins more than one of such divisions, then in that one of the said divisions with which it has the longest common boundary.

Where a Parliamentary division of a county or borough is described in any schedule to this Act as containing the whole of a sessional division, barony, or other area, with the exception of the portion comprised in another Parliamentary division of the same county or borough, and by reason of such description includes a parish, townland, or ward, or part of a ward, separated from the rest of the first-mentioned Parliamentary division by the whole or part of the said portion comprised in the other Parliamentary division, such parish, townland, ward, or part of a ward, shall, notwithstanding the said description, form part of the other Parliamentary division, as if it had been included in the said exception.

If any doubt arises as to the Parliamentary division of a county or borough in which any parish, townland, ward, or other place, whether larger or smaller than a parish, townland, or ward, is intended by the schedules to this Act to be included, such doubt shall be determined for the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five by the local authority having power to divide the said county or borough into polling districts, but in the case of a parliamentary division of a county in Ireland, by the Local Government Board for Ireland, by order made after local inquiry, and taking effect when made; and for subsequent years, on the application of any voter, shall be determined by an order of the Local Government Board for England or Ireland respectively, or in Scotland of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to be made after local inquiry, and to be confirmed by Parliament.

Any misnomer or inaccurate description in any of the schedules to this Act shall not in anywise prevent or abridge the operation of this Act with respect to the subject of such description, provided the same is so designated as to be commonly understood.

The expression "parliamentary borough" means the area comprised within the limits of a parliamentary borough, and in the case of boroughs the limits of which are altered by this Act means the area comprised within the limits so altered, and in the case of a parliamentary borough constituted by this Act means the area comprised within the limits of the parliamentary borough as so constituted:Provided that where reference is made to a present parliamentary borough, such reference shall be to the area comprised in the limits of a parliamentary borough on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

The expression "municipal borough" means as regards England the area on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five comprised within the limits of a municipal borough

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882; and as regards Scotland means the area subject on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five to the jurisdiction of the magistrates and town council of a burgh; and as regards Ireland, means the area on the said day comprised within the limits of a borough under the Act of the third and fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and eight, and the Acts amending the same.

The expression "municipal borough boundary" means the boundary of a municipal borough.

The expression "district, " in relation to any place in the metropolis, means the district of a district board of works under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, as described in Schedule B. to # that Act.

The expression "local government district" means the area on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five comprised within the limits of any local government district as defined by the Public Health Act, 1875.

The expression "ward " in relation to any place in the metropolis as defined by the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, means a ward as constituted on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, for the purpose of the election of vestrymen.

The expression "ward " in relation to any place not in the metropolis means a ward of the municipal borough in reference to which the expression is used, as such ward was constituted on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, for the purpose of municipal elections.

The expression "parliamentary polling district" means a polling district of a parliamentary borough as such district was constituted on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five for the purpose of Parliamentary elections.

The expression "municipal polling district" means a polling district of a municipal borough, as such district was constituted on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, for the purpose of municipal elections.

The expression "parish" means as regards England and Scotland a parish as constituted on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, for which a separate poor rate is or can be made, or for which separate overseers or a separate parochial board are or can be appointed, and as regards Ireland means a parish as appearing on the maps of the Ordnance Survey and as adopted in the census.

Where reference is made in any schedule to a parish, town-land, or barony which extends beyond a county at large or parliamentary borough in relation to which such parish, town-land, or barony is mentioned, the reference shall, unless otherwise expressed, be construed to refer only to such part of the parish, townland, or'barony as is in the said county or borough.

The expression "present" means on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

24. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "member" means a member to serve in Parliament, and includes a knight of a shire.

137

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

Definitions.

138

Ch. 23.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 3.

Application of Act to Scotland.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19.

Application of Act to Ireland.

Repeal of

enactments

respecting

corrupt

practices.

Disqualification of certain voters for corrupt practices.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

The expression "Parliamentary election" means the election of a member or members.

The expression "law relating to Parliamentary elections " in eludes all laws, customs, and enactments relating to Parliamentary elections, inclusive of the law respecting the qualification and registration of voters.

The expression "Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts" means the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

The expression "the Registration Acts " has the same meaning as in the Representation of the People Act, 1884.

Application to Scotland.

25. This Act shall apply to Scotland, with the following moditi- cations: —

(1.) The sheriff shall be substituted for " the local authority " having power to divide a county or Parliamentary borough " into polling districts, " and also for the " revising barrister."

(2.) The expression "Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts" means the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

(3.) Where by the operation of this Act any Royal or Parliamentary burgh ceases as a burgh to return or to contribute to return a member to Parliament, nothing in this Act shall affect in any other respect the rights and privileges of such burgh as a Ro}'al or Parliamentary burgh, or the rights, privileges, and functions of the magistrates, town council, and officers thereof.

Application to Ireland.

26. This Act shall apply to Ireland, with the following modification:—

In the case of a Parliamentary borough, the town council or town commissioners shall be substituted for "the local authority " having power to divide a Parliamentary borough into polling districts."

PART III.

Disqualification of Voters for Corrupt Practices.

27. The Acts mentioned in the first part of the Eighth Schedule to this Act, whereby certain persons reported guilty of corrupt practices are declared not to have certain rights of voting, are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

28. — (1.) Whereas commissioners appointed by Her Majesty, in pursuance of Addresses from both Houses of Parliament in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty, reported that at Parliamentary elections for the boroughs named in the second part of the Eighth Schedule to this Act, the persons named in the schedules to the, said reports hod been guilty of corrupt practices, be it therefore enacted, that —

1885. Redistribution of Seats 1885. Ch. 23. 139

<^JThere in any of the schedules to the said reports a person is named as having been guilty of any bribery, treating, or personation at an election held in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty for the Parliamentary borough therein mentioned, that person shall be incapable during the period of seven years next after the presentation of the said reports respectively:

(a.) Of being registered as a voter and of voting at any Parliamentary election for the county or division of a county in which tho said borough, or any part thereof, is situate, in respect of any qualification situate within the borough; and (b.) If the Parliamentary borough continues to return a member or members to serve in Parliament, of being registered as a voter and of voting, at any Parliamentary election for such borough.

(2.) Section thirty-nine of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices <6 47 Vict.

Prevention Act, 1883, shall apply to every person disqualified under c‘£l* this section for being registered as a voter.

(3.) Any person named in any of the said schedules to the said commissioners* reports against whom any criminal proceeding has been instituted for the corrupt practice referred to in the schedule, within the time limited for the purpose, and who has been acquitted, shall not be subject to any disqualification under this Act.

(4.) Any copy of a report of the said commissioners, and of the schedules annexed to that report, if purporting to be printed by any printer to Her Majesty, or under the authority of Her Majesty's Stationery Office, shall be sufficient evidence of the said report and schedules.

PART IV.

Acceleration of Registration in 1885.

29. If in the present year it is made to appear to any judge Power to of the High Court of Justice, sitting in chambers at any time Jfuonal twl after the fifth day of September, that the lists of voters for any Haters. Parliamentary county or borough in England cannot by reason of the insufficient number of barristers be revised within the period fixed by this Act, such judge shall appoint one or more duly qualified barristers to act in addition to the barristers -originally appointed for such county or borough, and a barrister so appointed shall have the same duties, powers, and authorities as if he had been originally appointed. '

Where tho Lord Chief Justice or judge appoints in the present year barristers for counties and boroughs, he shall appoint them to act for all the counties and boroughs for which he has power to appoint revising barristers; and each barrister, when acting for any county or borough, shall have the same duties, powers, and authorities as if he had been appointed sole revising barrister for such county or borough.

The duties of barristers so appointed shall be distributed among them as the Lord Chief Justice or judge who appoints them, or, after the fifth day of September, any judge of the High Court of Justice sitting in Chambers, may direct.

140

Dates for registration in the year 1885 in England.

28 & 29 Vict c. 86.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 26.

35 & 86 Vict. c. 33.

Date for registration for 1885 in Scotland.

Dates for revision in Ireland in 1885. Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

30. With respect to the registration of voters in parliamentary-counties and boroughs in England in the present year, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a.) The lists of parliamentary voters, and the lists of burgesses which are revised together with the lists of parliamentary voters, shall be revised between the eighth day of September and the eighth day of October both inclusive, and shall be revised as soon as possible after the seventh day of September, and the eighth day of September shall be substituted in the Acts relating to the registration of parliamentary voters for the fifteenth day of September; and the declarations under section ten of the County Voters Registration Act, 1865, and section twenty-four of the Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878, shall be sent to the clerk of the peace or town clerk on or before the fifth day of September.

(5.) The printed book or register containing the lists of voters, when revised, shall be delivered to the returning officer for the parliamentary county or borough to which such book or register relates on or before the seventh day of November, and shall be the register of persons entitled to vote for the county or borough at any election of a member to serve in Parliament which takes place after that da} ', or if this present Parliament is not then dissolved, then after the date of such dissolution, and before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven.

(c.) In sections sixty-two and sixty-three of the Act of the session of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighteen, relating to appeals from revising barristers in England, " the Michaelmas sittings of the High Court of Justice " shall be substituted for " the Michaelmas term, " and forthwith after the fourth day of the Michaelmas sittings a court or courts shall sit for the purpose of hearing such appeals, and those appeals shall be heard and determined continuously and without delay, and any statement by the barrister for the purpose of any such appeal made in pursuance of section forty-two of the said Act may be made at any time within ten days after the conclusion of the revision, so that it be made not less than four days before the first day of the said Michaelmas sittings, and the statement need not be read in open court, but shall be submitted to the appellant, who shall sign the same as directed by the said section, and return the same to the barrister.

(d.) In section five of the Ballot Act, 1872, relating to polling districts, the first day of October shall be substituted for the first day of November, as respects the date at which orders-relating to polling districts apply to registers of voters.

31. In Scotland, notwithstanding anything contained in section thirteen of the Representation of the People Act, 1884, the register of voters made in the present year shall come into force on the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

32. In Ireland, in the present year

(a.) The lists of voters shall be revised between the first day of September and the eighth day of October, both inclusive,

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23. 141

and shall be revised as soon as possible after the first day of September, and that day shall be substituted in the Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) Act for the eighth day of of 69. s». ^6^* September. 47, 64, 76.

(6.) Notice of the holding of a revision court may be given by the chairman or revising barrister to the clerk of the peace at any time not less than five days before the holding of the court, and shall be published and posted by the clerk of the peace forthwith.

(c.) The book or books constituting the register of voters for every county and borough shall be signed and delivered to the sheriff or returning officer not later than the seventh day of November.

Such register shall commence and come into force on the seventh day of November, or if this present Parliament is not then dissolved, then on the day of such dissolution, and shall be the register of voters in force between the day on which it commences and the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven.

(d.) In sections seventy-five and seventy-six of the Act of the session of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine, relating to appeals from chairmen or revising barristers, " the Michaelmas sittings " of the High Court of Justice in Ireland " shall be substituted for " the Michaelmas term, " and forthwith after the fourth day of the Michaelmas sittings, a court or courts shall sit for the purpose of hearing such appeals, and those appeals shall be heard and determined continuously and without delay, and any statement by the chairman or revising barrister for the purpose of any such appeal made in pursuance of section fifty-eight of the said Act may be made at any time within ten days after the conclusion of the revision, so that it be made not less than four days before the first day of the said Michaelmas sittings, and the statement need not be read in open court, but shall be submitted to the appellant, who shall sign the same as directed by the said section, and return the same to the chairman or revising barrister.

33. For the purposes of this part of this Act — Definitions.

The expression "present year" means the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

The expression "parliamentary county" means a county returning a member or members to serve in Parliament, and where a county is divided for the purpose of such return means a division of such county.

Other expressions in this part of this Act have, unless the 4i & 42 Vict. context otherwise requires the same meaning as in the Acts relating c- 26-to the registration of parliamentary voters.

34. All provisions of any Act of Parliament inconsistent with Temporary the provisions of this part of this Act shall not apply to the lists consistent11' or register of voters to be made in the present year; but, save as provisions, aforesaid, all the provisions of the Acts relating to the registration

of parliamentary voters shall remain in full force.

142

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Section 2. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Boroughs to cease as such.

Borough. County. Borough. County.

ENGLAND. England — cont.

Abingdon Berks and Oxford. Marlborough - . 1 Wilts.

Andover Southampton. Midhurst - Sussex.

Aylesbury Buckingham. Newark - - Nottingham. Isle of Wight.

Banbury Oxford and North- Newport -

ampton. New Shoreham - Sussex.

Barnstaple Devon. Northallerton . York, North Riding.

Beaumaris (district) Anglesey. Petersfield - - Southampton.

Berwick-upon-Tweed Poole - Dorset.

Bewdley Worcester. Radnor (district) - Radnor and Hereford.

Bodmin - Cornwall. Richmond - York, North Riding.

Brecon Brecon. Ripon - York, West Riding.

Bridgnorth Salop. Rye - - Sussex.

Bridport Dorset. St. Ives - -, Cornwall.

Buckingham - Buckingham. Shaftesbury . Dorset and Wilts.

Caine Wilts. Stamford - Lincoln and North-

Cardigan (district) - Cardigan .Pembroke, ampton.

and Carmarthen. Stroud - . Gloucester.

Chichester Sussex. Tamworth - - Stafford and Warwick.

Chippenham Wilts. Tavistock . 1 Devon.

Chipping Wycombe Buckingham. Tewkesbury - Gloucester.

Cirencester Gloucester. Thirsk - - York, North Riding.

Clitheroe Lancaster. Tiverton . Devon.

Cockermouth - Cumberland. Truro . Cornwall.

Cricklade Wilts and Gloucester. Wallingford . Berks and Oxford.

Devizes Wilts. Wareham Dorset.

Dorchester Dorset. Wenlock . Salop.

Droitwich - Worcester. Westbury - Wilts.

East Retford Nottingham and Weymouth and Mel- Dorset.

York. combe Regis.

Evesham Worcester. Whitby . York, North Riding.

Eye - Suffolk. Wilton - . Wilts.

Frome Somerset. Woodstock - . Oxford.

Great Marlow Buckingham and

Berks. SCOTLAND.

Guildford - Surrey.

Harwich Essex. Haddington (District Haddington, Rox-

Haverfordwest (dis- Pembroke. of Burghs'). burgh, and Berwick.

trict). Wigtown (District Wigtown and Kirk-

Helston - Cornwall. of Burghs). cudbright.

Hertford Hertford.

Horsham Sussex. IRELAND.

Huntingdon Huntingdon.

Kendal - Westmoreland. Armagh - . Armagh.

Knaresborough York, West Riding. Athlone - Westmeath and Ros-

Launceston Cornwall. common.

Leominster Hereford. Bandon - . Cork.

Lewes Sussex. Carlow . Carlow and Queen's.

Lichfield Carrickfergus -

Liskeard Cornwall. Clonmel - Tipperary and Waterford.

Ludlow - Salop and Hereford.

Lymington -Maldon -:Southampton. ! Essex. Coleraine Downpatrick - I Londonderry. Down.

Malmesbury Wilts. Drogheda -

Malton - York, North Riding Dundalk Louth.

1 and East Riding. Dungannon - Tyrone.

1885,

Redistribution of Seats, 1885. Ch. 23.

143

Borough. County. Borough. County.

Ireland — Ireland — cont.

Dungarvan Enniw Enniskillen Kinsale Lisburn ... Mallow Waterford. Clare. Fermanagh. Cork. Antrim and Down. Cork. New Ross Portarlington Tralee Wexford ... Youghal Wexford and Kilkenny. # Queen's and King's. Kerry. Wexford. Cork.

Part II. Section 2.

Each County of a City or of a Town named below shall, for the purpose of Parliamentary Elections, be included in the County at large placed opposite to it.

County of City or Town. County at large in which it is to be included.

Berwick-upon-Tweed - Northumberland.

Haverfordwest ..... Pembroke.

Lichfield ---- Stafford.

Carrickfergus ..... Antrim.

Drogheda - - Louth.

t PART III. Section 8.

Boroughs Disfranchised for Corruption.

Macclesfield.

Sandwich.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section

Boroughs to lose one Member.

ENGLAND. England — cont.

Bedford. Penryn and Falmouth.

Boston. Peterborough.

Bury St. Edmunds. Pontefract.

Cambridge. Reading.

Canterbury. Rochester.

Carlisle. Salisbury.

Chester. Scarborough.

Colchester. Shrewsbury.

Coventry. Stafford.

Dover. Stoke-upon-T rent.

Durham. Taunton.

Exeter. Warwick.

Gloucester. Wigan.

Grantham. Winchester.

Hastings. Worcester.

Hereford.

King's Lynn. IRELAND.

Lincoln.

Maidstone. Galway.

Newcastle-under-Lyme. Limerick.

Oxford. Waterford.

K

144

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

Sections. THIRD SCHEDULE.

Boroughs to have Additional Members.

I Name of Borough. Total Number of Members. Name of Borough. Total Number of Members.

ENGLAND.

Birmingham - Seven. SCOTLAND.

Bradford - Three. Aberdeen -

Bristol - Four. Two.

Kingston-upon-Hull -Leeds Three. Five. Edinburgh ... Glasgow - Four. Seven.

Liverpool -Manchester ... Nine. Six.

Nottingham - Salford ... Three. Three.

Sheffield ... Five.

Southwark - Three. IRELAND.

Swansea ... Two.

Tower Hamlets Seven. Belfast - Four.

Wolverhampton Three. Dublin - Four.

t

Section 6. FOURTH SCHEDULE.

New Boroughs.

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Aston Manor

Barrow-in-Furness -

Battersea and Clapham.

Bethnal Green Camberwell -

Chelsea

Croydon

Deptford

Finsbury

Fulham

County.

Warwick.

Lancaster -

Surrey

Middlesex -Surrey

Middlesex -Surrey

Rent and Surrey

Middlesex - Middlesex

Number of Contents and Boundaries of

Members. Parliamentary Borough.

One

One

Two

Two

Three

One

One

One

Three

One

Local government district of Aston Manor.

Municipal borough of Barrow-in-Furness.

Parish of St. Mary, Battersea, and the Parish of Clapham.

Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green.

Parish of St. Giles ', Camberwell, and the hamlet of Penge.

Parish of St. Luke, Chelsea.

Municipal borough of Croydon.

Parish of St. Paul, Deptford, inclusive of Hatcham.

Parish of St. Luke, Middlesex.

Parish of St. James and St. John. Clerkenwell.

Holborn District.

St. Giles' District.

Gray's Inn.

Charter House.

Furnival's Inn.

Staple Inn.

Lincoln's Inn.

Parish of Fulham.

1885,

Redistribution of Seats 1885. Ch. 23.

145

i

Name of Parliamentary I Borough.

Great Yarmouth

Greenwich -Hackney

TTftmTnflTyrpit).)

Hampstead -

Hanley

Islington Kensington -

Lambeth Lewisham -

Marylebone -Newington -Paddington -St. George, Hanover Square.

St. Helen's -

St. Pancras -Shoreditch -

Strand

Wandsworth

West Bromwich West Ham -Westminster

Woolwich -

County.

Number of Members.

i

Norfolk and Suffolk

Kent

Middlesex - Middlesex -

Three

One

Middlesex -

One

Stafford

Middlesex - Middlesex -

Four

Two

Surrey

Kent

Four

One

Middlesex -Surrey Middlesex - Middlesex -

Two

Two

Two

One

Contents and Boundaries of Parliamentary Borough.

Municipal borough of Great Yarmouth, including the whole of the parish of Gorleston, and so much of the parish of Runham in the county of Norfolk as is included in the following boundary, that is to say, from the point where the north boundary of the parish of Gorleston crosses the centre of New Road in a straight line north-easterly to the boundary of the parish of Acle touching the north-west comer of the Manure Works, thence eastward along the boundary of the parish of Acle until it reaches the present boundary of the Municipal Borough.

Parish of Greenwich.

Parish of St. Nicholas, Deptford.

Parish of Charlton.

Parish of Kidbrooke.

Hackney District.

Parishes of St. Peter and St. Paul, Hammersmith.

Parish of St. John, Hampstead.

The municipal boroughs of Hanley and Burslem, and so much of the present parliamentary borough of Stoke-upon-Trent as lies to the north of Hanley, and is not included in the local government district of Tunstall.

Parish of St. Mary, Islington.

Parish of St. Mary Abbotts, Kensington.

Parish of St. Mary, Lambeth.

Parish of Lewisham and the parish of Lee.

Parish of St. Marylebone.

Parish of St. Mary, Newington.

Parish of Paddington.

Parish of St. George, Hanover Square.

Lancaster -

Middlesex - Middlesex -

Middlesex -

Surrey

Stafford

Essex

Middlesex -Kent

One

Four

Two

One -

One

One

Two

One

One \

The municipal borough of St.

Helen's.

Parish of St. Pancras.

Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. Strand district, parish of St. James, Westminster, and parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields.

Parish of Wandsworth.

Parish of Tooting Graveney.

Parish of Streatham and Parish of Putney, including Roe-ham pton.

The municipal borough of West Bromwich.

The local government district of West Hum.

Westminster district, and Close of Collegiate Church of St. Peter.

The Parish of Woolwich.

The Parish of Eltham, and The Parish of Plumstead.

146

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Section 7. FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Contents and Boundaries of Boroughs with altered Boundaries.

ENGLAND.

Name of Parliamentary Borough.

Contents and Boundaries.

Ashton-under-Lyne -

Birmingham -Blackburn Bolton - Boston -

Bradford

Bristol

Bury (Lancashire)

Cardiff (in Cardiff district).

Cheltenham

Conway -

Darlington

Derby

The present Parliamentary borough of Ashton-under-Lyne, and So much of the parish of Ashton-under-Lyne as is included in the local government district of Hurst, and is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Birmingham, and The local government districts of Balsall Heath, Harborne, and Salt-ley, and the hamlet of Little Bromwich.

The present Parliamentary borough of Blackburn, and So much of the municipal borough of Blackburn as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Bolton, and So much of the municipal borough of Bolton as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Boston, excluding therefrom two detached parts situate to the north of the borough, one in East Pen and the other in West Fen, and also excluding therefrom a part which is situate on the north side of the borough, and was formerly included in the parishes of Skirbeck and Boston within the borough, but has been added by Orders of the Local Govern -ment Board to parishes not situate within 'the Parliamentary borough, namely, one part thereof to the parish of Sibsey, and the remaining part thereof to the parish of Frithville, all which said parts are in the Sessional Division of Spilsby, in the parts of Lindsey.

The present Parliamentary borough of Bradford, and So much of the municipal borough of Bradford as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Bristol, and The local government districts of St. George, Horfield, and Stapleton, and

So much of the parish of Bedminster as lies between the boundary of the said Parliamentary borough and a line drawn along the centres of Redcatch Lane and Knowle Lane.

The present Parliamentary borough of Bury, and So much of the municipal borough of Bury as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Cardiff, and So much of the municipal borough of Cardiff as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Cheltenham, and So much of the parish of Charlton Kings as lies to the north of the present railway leading from Cheltenham to Banbury.

The present Parliamentary borough of Conway, excluding therefrom two detached parts situate to the south of the borough, and consisting one of parts of the parishes of Gyffin and Dwygyfylchi, and the other of a part of the parish of Gyffin near Pant-y-tan.

The present Parliamentary borough of Darlington, excluding therefrom a detached part of the parish of Darlington called Oxney Field or Oxen-le-Field, which is separated from Darlington township by the township of Blackwell, and including so much of the municipal borough of Darlington as is not above specified, and is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Derby, and So much of the municipal borough of Derby as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

1885.

Redistribution of Seats, 1885. Ch. 23.

147

Name of

Parliamentary Borough.,

__________l

Hastings - *

I

I

King's Lynn

Kingston-upon-Hull 1

I

Lincoln

Liverpool

Maidstone -Manchester -

Middlesborough

Newcastle-under-

Lyme.

Newport (in Monmonth district).

Contents and Boundaries.

The present Parliamentary borough of Hastings, excluding therefrom two detached parts of the said borough; one adjoining the parish of Winchelsea, and known as Petit Iham, and the other known as the Liberty of the Sluice.

The present Parliamentary borough of King's Lynn, and So much of the municipal borough of King's Lynn as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, and So much of the municipal borough of Kingston-upon-Hull as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Lincoln, and The parish of Bracebridge.

The present Parliamentary borough of Liverpool, and So much of the parish of Toxteth Park as is not inoluded in the said Parliamentary borough, and So much of the parishes of Walton-on-the-Hill, Wavertree, and West Derby as is outside the municipal borough of Liverpool, and is included in a boundary line drawn from a point where the centre of Selwyn Street crosses the present boundary of the said municipal borough, herein-after called the starting point, thence along the centre of that street to the centre of Stuart Bead and County Road at their junction with the last-mentioned street, thenco along the centre of County Road to a point opposite the southern side of the present Edge Hill and Bootle branch of the London and North-western Railway, thence in an easterly direction to the southern side of the said railway, thence along the southern and western side of the said railway to a point immediately north of the junction of the south-eastern boundary of the aforesaid railway with the northern boundary of the present London and North-western Railway to Manchester, thence to that junction, thence in a direct line to a point on the western side of the present London and North-western Railway to Crewe where it crosses the centre of the Picton Road, thence along the western side of the last-mentioned railway to the present boundary of Toxteth Park parish, thence in a north-westerly direction along that parish boundary to the present boundary of the municipal borough of Liverpool, thence along the last-mentioned boundary to the starting point.

The present Parliamentary borough of Maidstone, excluding therefrom a detached part of the parish of Maidstone known as Lodington.

The present Parliamentary borough of Manchester, and The focal government districts of Moss Side and Rusholme, and That detached part of the parish of Gorton which is entirely surrounded by the Parliamentary borough of Manchester, as enlarged by the addition of the said local government districts.

The present Parliamentary borough of Middlesborough, and So much of the municipal borough of Middlesborough as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, and So much of the municipal borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough, and The local government district of Tunstall, and

So much of the parish of Wolstanton as lies south of a line drawn along the centre of the present public road leading west from the present Chatterley Railway Station to the boundary of Audley parish.

The present Parliamentary borough of Newport, and So much of the municipal borough of Newport as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

148

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Name of

Parliamentary Borough.

Contents and Boundaries.

Nottingham -

Oldham

Pembroke -

Preston

The present Parliamentary borough of Nottingham, and | So much of the municipal borough of Nottingham as is not i included in the said Parliamentary borough.

- | The present Parliamentary borough of Oldham, and

So much of the municipal borough of Oldham as is not included in i the said Parliamentary borough.

- ! The present Parliamentary borough of Pembroke, and

The places comprised in the area of the present Parliamentary . borough of Haverfordwest.

* ! The present Parliamentary borough of Preston, and

So much of the municipal borough of Preston as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough; and So much of the parish of Lea, Ashton, Ingol, and Cottam, and of the parish of Penwortham, as will be added to the municipal borough of Preston on the 1st day of June 1889, by virtue of the " Ribble Navigation and Preston Dock Act, 1883" (46 & 47 Vict. cap. cxv.); and The local government district of Fulwood.

Beading

Salisbury

Southampton

The present Parliamentary borough of Beading, and The space included between the boundary of the said Parliamentary borough and tho following boundary line; that is to say, a line drawn from the point at which the present Beading and Beigate Railway crosees the boundary of the Parliamentary borough at the Biver Kennet, eastward along the said Railway until it crosses Culver Lane, thence westward along the centre of Culver Lane as far as the centre of Wokingham Boad, thence southward along the centre of Wokingham Boad as far as the centre of Crescent Boad, thence westward along the centre of Crescent Boad as far as the centre of Eastern Avenue, thence southward along the centre of Eastern Avenue as far as the centre of Upper Badlands Boad, thence westward along the centre of Upper Bedlands Boad as far as the centre of Alexandra Boad, thence south and west along the oentre of Junction Boad to the centre of Christchurch Boad, thence along the centre of Christchurch Boad until the line reaches the boundary of the present Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Salisbury, and So much of the parish of Fisherton Anger as is not within the said Parliamentary borough, and so much of the parish of Milford as lies between the boundary of the said Parliamentary borough and the following boundary line; that is to say, a line commencing at a point where the boundary of the said Parliamentary borough crosses the centre of the line of the present South-western Railway to the north of the Salisbury Waterworks, and proceeding thence in an easterly direction along the centre of the said railway to the present junction of the Basingstoke, Andover, and Salisbury Branch Railway with the Bishopstoke and Salisbury Branch Railway, and thence along the centre of the last-mentioned railway to a point where the same crosses the Biver Bourne, and thence proceeding in a southerly direction along the centre of the said river to a point where the same flows under the centre of the

Eresent road leading from Salisbury to Southampton, and thence y a straight lino in a due south-westerly direction to the boundary between the parishes of Britford and Milford in the Biver Avon, and thence in a north-westerly direction along the centre of the last-mentioned river to the boundary of the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Southampton, and The parish of Milbrook, and 1 The ecclesiastical district of Holy Saviour, Bittern, and

L.

1885,

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 28.

149

Name of

Parliamentary Borough.

Contents and Boundaries.

Stafford

Stalybridge -

Stoke-upon-Trent

Wakefield -

Warwick and Leamington.

Wednesbury -York

The parish of St. Mary Extra, and

The detached part of the parish of Hound included within the parish of St. Mary Extra.

The present Parliamentary borough of Stafford, and So much of the municipal borough of Stafford as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Stalybridge, and So much of the municipal borough of Stalybridge as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

So much of the present Parliamentary borough of Stoke-upon-Trent as lies south of the municipal borough of Hanley, and So much of the municipal borough of Longton as is not included in the said Parliamentary borough.

The present Parliamentary borough of Wakefield, and So much of the adjoining parish of Sandal Magna as lies to the north-east of the present Great Northern and Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway, being the portion known as Belle Yue.

The present Parliamentary borough of Warwick, and The municipal borough of Royal Leamington Spa, and The local government districts of Milverton and Lillington.

The parishes of Wednesbury, Tipton, and Darlaston.

The present Parliamentary borough of York, and So much of the municipal borough of York, inclusive of the parts added thereto by " The York Extension and Improvement Act, 1884 " (47 & 48 Vict. c. ccxxxii.), as is not included within the said Parliamentary borough.

Edinburgh -Glasgow

Galashiels (in Hawick district).

Greenock

Hamilton (in Falkirk district).

Kilmarnock (in Kilmarnock district).

Port-Glasgow (in Kilmarnock district).

Benfrew (in Kilmarnock district).

Kirkcaldy (in Kirkcaldy district).

SCOTLAND.

The present Parliamentary burgh of Edinburgh; and So much of the municipal burgh of Edinburgh as is not included within the said Parliamentary burgh.

The present Parliamentary burgh of Glasgow; and So much of the municipal burgh of Glasgow as is not included within the said Parliamentary burgh.

The present Parliamentary burgh of Galashiels; and So much of the municipal burgh of Galashiels as is not included within the said Parliamentary burgh.

The present Parliamentary burgh of Greenock; and So much of the municipal burgh of Greenock as is not included within the said Parliamentary burgh.

The present Parliamentary burgh of Hamilton; and So much of the municipal burgh ot Hamilton as is not included within the said Parliamentary burgh.

The present Parliamentary burgh of Kilmarnock; and So much of the municipal burgh of Kilmarnock as is not included within the said Parliamentary burgh.

The present Parliamentary burgh of Port-Glasgow; and So much of the municipal burgh of Port-Glasgow as is not included within the said Parliamentary burgh.

The present Parliamentary burgh of Benfrew; and So much of the municipal burgh of Benfrew as is not included within the said Parliamentary burgh.

The present Parliamentary burgh of Kirkcaldy; and So much of the municipal burgh of Kirkcaldy as is not included within the said Parliamentary burgh, (except so much of such municipal burgh as is comprised within the present Parliamentary burgh of Dysart).

150

Ch. 23.

Medistnbution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Name of

Parliamentary Borough.

Contents and Boundaries.

Belfast

IRELAND.

- The present Parliamentary borough of Belfast, and The Townlands of —

Ballymaghan,

Ballymisert,

Strandtown and Strandtown Town,

Ballyhackamore and Ballyhackamore Town, and Ballycloghan, all in the Parish of Holywood and County of Down.

The Townlands of —

Knock,

Multyhogy, and Ballynwhboy, all in the Parish of Knockbreda and County of Down.

The Townlands of —

Lower Malone,

Upper Malone:that part which is bounded on the south by the centre of the road running northward and westward for about 80 chains from Shaw's Bridge,

Ballymurphy,

Ballymagarry,

Ballygomartin,

Ballysillan, Lower,

Legoniel and Legoniel Town,

Ola Park and Ola Park Town,

Skegoniell,

Ballyaghagan: that part which adjoins the Antrim Road; namely, the whole of the part east of the Antrim Road, and the part west of the Antrim Road which is within 22 chains of that road, Lowwood,

Greencastle and Greencastle Town, all in the parish of Shankill and County of Antrim.

Section 8. SIXTH SCHEDULE.

DIVISIONS OF BOROUGHS.

Number, Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

Part I.

* ENGLAND.

BATTERSEA AND CLAPHAM.

Two Divisions. — One Member for each Division *

Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE BATTERSEA DIVISION.

No. 2 Ward of Battersea Parish,

No. 3 Ward of Battersea Parish, and So much of No. 4 Ward of Battersea Parish as lies to the north of a line drawn along the centre of Battersea Rise, and to the west of a line drawn along the centre of the St. John's Road.

No. 2. — THE CLAPHAM DIVISION.

The Parish of Clapham,

No. 1 Ward of Battersea Parish, and No. 4 Ward of Battersea Parish, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described.

1885.

Ch. 23.

15}

Redistribution of Seats, 1885.

BETHNAL GREEN.

Two Divisions. — One Member for each.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH-EAST DIVISION. No. 2. — THE SOUTH-WEST DIVISION. North Ward, and South Ward, and

East Ward. West Ward.

BIRMINGHAM.

Seven Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No.l. — THE EDGBASTON DIVISION.

Edgbaston Ward,

So much of Rotton Park Ward as is situate to the south of a line drawn along the centre of Dudley Road,

So much of the Balsall Heath Local Government District as lies to the south and west of a line drawn along the centres of Balsall Heath Road, Wenman Street, Edwardes Street, and Moseley Road, and

The Local Government District of Har-borne.

No. 2. — THE WEST DIVISION.

All Saints Ward,

St. Paul Ward, and

Rotton Park Ward (except so* much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described).

No. 3. — THE CENTRAL DIVISION.

Market Hall Ward,

Lady wood Ward, and

St. Thomas Ward.

No. 4. — THE NORTH DIVISION.

St. George Ward,

St. Stephen Ward, and St. Mary Ward.

No. 5. — THE EAST DIVISION.

Nechells Ward,

Duddeston Ward,

The Local Government District of Saltley, and

The Hamlet of Little Bromwich.

No. 6. — THE BORDESLEY DIVISION.

BorJesley Ward, and St. Bartholomew Ward.

No. 7. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

St. Martin Ward,

Deritend Ward, and

Balsall. Heath Local Government District, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described.

BRADFORD.

Three Divisions. — One Member for each Division.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WEST DIVISION. No. 2. — THE CENTRAL DIVISION.

Monningham Ward, Heaton Ward, Allerton Ward, Bolton Ward, and Great Horton Ward.

Lister Hills Ward,

West Ward,

North Ward,

Little Horton Ward, and Exchange Ward.

No. 3. — THE EAST DIVISION.

East Ward,

South Ward,

Bradford Moor Ward,

East Bowling Ward, and West Bowling Ward.

152

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

BRISTOL.

Foot Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WEST DIVISION.

Clifton Ward, *

Westbury Ward,

St. Michael Ward,

St. Augustine Ward, and

The Local Government District of Horfield.

No. 2. — THE NORTH DIVISION.

District Ward,

St. Paul Ward,

St. James Ward,

So much of SS. Philip and Jacob, North, Ward, as lies to the north of a line drawn along the centres of Wade Street and Stapleton Road, and The Local Government District of Staple-ton.

No. 3. — THE EAST DIVISION.

SS. Philip and Jacob, South, Ward,

SS. Philip and Jacob, North, Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described, and The Local Government District of St. George.

No. 4. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

Bristol Ward,

Redcliff Ward,

Bedminster, West Ward,

Bedminster, East Ward, and So much of the Parish of Bedminster as is situate within the Parliamentary and not within the Municipal Borough.

CAMBERWELL.

Three Divisions. — One Member for each Division.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH DIVISION. No. 2. — THE PECKHAM DIVISION.

No. 4 North Peckham Ward, and No. 5 South Peckham Ward.

No. 3. — THE DULWICH DIVISION.

No. 6 Camberwell and Dulwich Ward, and the Hamlet of Penge.

FINSBURY.

Three Divisions. — One Member for each Division.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE HOLBORN DIVISION.

So much of the Holborn District as comprises the Parishes of —

St. Andrew, Holborn, above Bars and St. George the Martyr, and Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, Ely Place, and Ely Rents.

The St. Giles District:

Gray's Inn,

Furnival's Inn,

Staple Inn, and Lincoln's Inn.

No. 2. — THE CENTRAL DIVISION.

The Parish of St. James and St. John, Clerkenwell.

No. 3. — THE EAST DIVISION.

The Parishes of —

St. Luke, Middlesex,

St. Sepulchre, Middlesex,

Charter House, and

Glasshouse Yard.

No. 1 St. George's West Ward, No. 2 St. George's East Ward, No. 3 Camden Ward.

1885,

Redistribution of Seats 1885.

Uh. 23.

153

HACKNEY.

Three Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries op Divisions.

No. 1 — THE NORTH DIVISION.

The Parish of Stoke Newington,

No. 1 Stamford Hill Ward of Hackney Parish,

No. 2 West Hackney Ward of Hackney Parish, aod So much of No. 5 Hackney Ward of Hackney Parish as lies to the north of a line drawn from the boundary of No. 2 West Hackney Ward of Hackney Parish, along the centres of Evering Road, Upper Clapton Road, and Southwold Road to the parish boundary.

No. 2. — THE CENTRAL DIVISION.

No. 3 De Beauvoir Town Ward of Hackney Parish,

No. 4 Dalston Ward of Hackney Parish, and

So much of No. 5 Hackney Ward of Hackney Parish as lies to the south and west and north of a line drawn along the centre of the Evering Road from the boundary of No. 2 West Hackney Ward of Hackney Parish to the centre of the Upper Clapton Road, thence southward along the centres of the Upper and Lower Clapton Roads to the northern boundary of No. 6 Homer-ton Ward of Hackney Parish, and thence along the boundary of that Ward and No. 7 South Hackney Ward of Hackney Parish to the south-east corner of No. 4 Dalston Ward of Hackney Parish.

No. 3. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

No. 7 South Hackney Ward of Hackney No. 5 Hackney Ward of Hackney Parish, Parish, No. 6 Homerton Ward of Hack- except so much as is comprised in ney Parish, and Divisions No. I and No. 2, as herein

described.

ISLINGTON.

Four Divisions. — One member for each Division. Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH DIVISION. Upper Holloway Ward.

No. 2. — THE WEST DIVISION.

Lower Holloway Ward and Thornhill Ward.

No. 3. — THE EAST DIVISION.

Highbury Ward and Canonbury Ward.

No. 4. — THE SOUTH DIVISION. Barnsbury Ward,

St. Mary's Ward, and St. Peter's Ward.

KENSINGTON.

Two Divisions. — One member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH DIVISION.

So much of the parliamentary borough of Kensington as lies to the riorth of a line drawn along the centre of the Uxbridge Road.

No. 2. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

So much of the parliamentary borough of Kensington as is not comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described.

Ch. 23.

154

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

KIN GSTON-UPON -HULL.

Three Divisions. — One member for each Division.

Naves, Contents, and

No. 1. — THE EAST DIVISION. Alexandra Ward,

Drypool Ward,

Sutton Ward,

Beverley Ward, and

So much of the Central Ward as lies to the east of the Barmston Drain.

Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 2. — THE CENTRAL DIVLSION.

Queen's Ward,

Paragon Ward, and

The Central Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described.

No. 3. — THE WEST DIVISION.

Newington Ward,

Coltman Ward,

Albert Ward,

Botanic Ward, and Park Ward.

LAMBETH.

Four Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH DIVISION.

North Marsh Ward,

South Marsh Ward, and

Bishop's Ward.

No. 2. — THE KENNINGTON DIVISION.

Prince's Ward, and

So much of the Vauxhall Ward as lies to the west of a line drawn along the centre of the Clapham Road.

No. 3. — THE BRIXTON DIVISION.

So much of the Stockwell Ward as lies to the north of a line drawn along the centres of Acre Lane and Coldharbour Lane,

So much of the Brixton Ward as lies to the north of a line drawn along the centres of Acre Lane and Coldharbour Lane, and

The Vauxhall Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described.

No. 4. — THE NORWOOD DIVISION.

Norwood Ward, and

The Stockwell Ward and the Brixton Ward, except so much of the two latter Wards as is comprised in Division as No. 3 as herein described.

LEEDS.

Five Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH DIVISION.

Headingly Ward,

North-West Ward,

So much of Brunswick Ward as is included in Municipal Polling District, No. Eight, So much of North Ward as is included in Municipal Polling Districts, No. Thirteen and No. Fourteen, and So much of North-East Ward as is included in Municipal Polling District, No. Sixteen.

No. 2 — THE CENTRAL DIVISION.

West Ward,

Mill Hill Ward,

Brunswick Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described, and So much of Central Ward as is included in Municipal Polling Districts No. Nine and No. Ten.

1885.

Ch. 23.

155

Redisti'ibution

of Seats A, 1885.

No. 3. — THE EAST DIVISION.

East Ward,

North Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described,

North-East Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described, and

Central Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described.

No. 4. — THE WEST DIVISION.

Holbeck Ward,

Armley and Wortley Word,

New Wortley Ward, and Bramley Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described.

No. 5 — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

South Ward,

East Hunslet Ward,

West Hunslet Ward, and So much of Bramley Ward as is included in Municipal Polling District No. Thirty-five.

LIVERPOOL.

Nine Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Namks, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE KIRKDALE DIVISION.

The parish of Kirkdale,

and so much of the Parish of Everton as is included in the following boundary; that is to say: —

From the point of junction of the Parishes of Kirkdale, Everton, and Walton - on the - Hill, herein-after called the starting point, thence along the Municipal Borough Boundary to a point where it crosses the centre of Sleepers Hill Road, thence along the centres of Sleepers Hill, Beacon Lane, and Breckfield Road North, to the centre of Mere Lane, thence along the centre of Mere Lane to the centre of St. Domingo Road, thence along the centre of St. Domingo Road to the centre of Grecian Terrace, thence along the centres of Grecian Terrace and Havelock Street to the centre of Netherfield Road North, thence along the centre of Netherfield Road North to a point opposite to the point where the Boundary of the Parish of Everton takes a westerly direction from Netherfield Road North, thence to the latter point in the Everton Parish boundary, thence in a northerly and north-easterly direction along the Everton Parish Boundary to the starting point.

No. 2. — THE WALTON DIVISION.

So much of the Parishes of Walton-on-the-Hill and Wavertree as are in the Parliamentary Borough of Liverpool.

So much of the Parish of West Derby ns is outside the Municipal Borough, but within the Parliamentary Borough of Liverpool.

So much of the Parish of* Everton as is included in the following boundary; that is to say: —

From a point, herein-after called the starting point, where the present boundary of the Municipal Borough of Liverpool takes an easterly direction at Whitfield Road, thence in a northerly direction along the centres of Breckfield Road South, Breckfield Road North, Beacon Lane, and Sleepers Hill, to the Municipal Borough Boundary, thence along that boundary to the starting point.

No. 3. — THE EVERTON DIVISION.

The Parish of Everton except so much as is comprised in Divisions No. 1 and 2, as herein described.

No. 4. — THE WEST DERBY DIVISION.

West Derby Ward.

No. 5. — THE SCOTLAND DIVISION.

Scotland Ward.

156 Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

No. 6. — THE EXCHANGE DIVISION. Vauxhall Ward,

St. Ann's Street Ward,

Lime Street Ward,

Exchange Ward, and St. Paul's Ward.

No. 7. — THE ABERCROMBY DIVISION.

Abercromby Ward,

Rodney Street Ward,

Castle Street Ward,

St. Peter's Ward,

Pitt Street Ward, and Great George's Ward.

No. 8. — THE EAST TOXTETH DIVISION.

So much of the Parish of Toxteth Park as lies to the east of the following boundary; that is to say:—

From a point where the North Boundary of the Parish of Toxteth Park

crosses the end of the centre of Windsor Street, thence along the centres of Windsor Streetand Admiral Street to the'centre of High Park Street, thence along the centre of High Park Street to the centre of Park Road, thence along the centre of Park Road to the Municipal Borough Boundary, thence in an easterly direction along that Boundary to a point opposite the centre of Aigburth Road, thence along the centre of Aigburth Road to the Southern Boundary of Toxteth Park Parish.

No. 9. — THE WEST TOXTETH DIVISION.

Toxteth Park Parish, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 8 as herein described.

MANCHESTER.

Six Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries ok Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH-WEST DIVISION.

Collegiate Church Ward,

Exchange Ward,

St. John's Ward,

St. Ann's Ward,

St. James' Ward,

Oxford Ward,

St. Clement's Ward, and The Parish of Cheetham.

No. 2. — THE NORTH DIVISION.

St. Michael's Ward,

The Parish of Harpurhey, and So much of the Parish of Newton as lies to the north-west of a line drawn along the centre of the Oldham Road.

No. 3. — THE NORTH-EAST DIVISION.

New Cross Ward, and So much of the Parish of Newton as is not comprised in Divisions No. 2 and No. 5 as herein described.

No. 4. — THE EAST DIVISION.

The Parish of Bradford,

The Parish of Ardwick,

The Parish of Beswick, and So much of the Parish of Chorlton-upon-Medlock as lies to the north of the following boundary, that is to say: —

From a point where the western boundary of the Parish of Chorlton-upon-Medlock crosses the centre of Cavendish Street, thence in a north-easterly direction along the centres of that street and Grosvenor Street to the junction of the latter street with the centre of Upper Brook Street, thence along the centre of the last-mentioned street to its junction with Dover Street, thence in a north-easterly direction along the centre of Dover Street, St. Leonards Street, and Cheltenham Street, to the boundary of the said Parish.

No. 5. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

The Parish of Chorlton-upon-Medlock except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4, as herein described.

1885.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23. 157

The Local Government District of Moss Side,

The Local Government District of Rus-holme.

The detached part of the Parish of Newton which is known as the Hamlet of Kirk-manehulme,

And that detached part of Gorton Parish which is included in the Parliamentary Borough of Manchester.

No. 6. — THE SOUTH-WEST DIVISION The Parish of Hulme.

MARYLEBONE.

Two Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE EAST DIVISION.

St. John's Wood Terrace Ward,

Dorset Square and Regent's Park Ward, Portland Place Ward, and Cavendish Square Ward.

No. 2. — THE WEST DIVISION.

Hamilton Terrace Ward,

New Church Street Ward,

Bryanstone Ward, and Portman Ward.

NEWINGTON.

Two Divisions. — One Member for each Division.

Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WEST DIVISION. No. 2. — THE WALWORTH DIVISION.

No 1. St. Maly's Ward, except so much as No. 4. St. Peter's Ward and

is comprised in Division No. 2. as herein So much of No. 1. St. Mary's Ward as lies described. to the east of a line drawn along the

No. 2. Trinity Ward, and centres of Station Road and Walworth

No. 3. St. Paul's Ward. Road.

NOTTINGHAM.

Three Divisions. — One Member for each Division.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WEST DIVISION.

St. Alban's Ward,

Broxtowe Ward,

Wollaton Ward,

Sherwood Ward, and Forest Ward.

No. 2. — THE EAST DIVISION.

Mapperley Ward, Robin Hood Ward, St Ann Ward, Manvers Ward, and Byron Ward.

No. 3. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

Castle Ward,

Market Ward,

Meadow Ward,

St. Mary Ward,

Bridge Ward, and Trent Ward.

PADDINGTON.

Two Divisions. — One Member for each Division.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH DIVISION. No. 2. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

No. 2 Ward. No. 1 Ward,

No. 3 Ward, and No. 4 Ward.

158 Ch. 23. Jtedisti'ibution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 . Vict.

ST. PANCRAS.

Four Divisions. — One Member for each Division.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH DIVISION. No. I Ward.

No. 2. — THE EAST DIVISION.

No. 3 Ward, and No. 6 Ward.

No. 3. — THE WEST DIVISION. No. 2 Ward,

No. 4 Ward, and No. 5 Ward.

No. 4. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

No. 7 Ward, and No. 8 Ward.

SALFORD.

Three Divisions. — One Member for each Division.

Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH DIVISION.

St. John's Ward,

Kersal Ward,

Trinity Ward,

St. Matthias Ward, and Greengate Ward.

No. 2. — THE WEST DIVISION.

St. Thomas' Ward,

Seedley Ward, and

Regent Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3, as herein described.

No. 3. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

Islington Ward,

Ordsall Ward,

Crescent Ward,

St. Stephen's Ward, and

So much of Regent Ward as lies to the east of a line drawn along the centre of Trafiord Road.

SHEFFIELD.

Five Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE ATTERCLIFFE DIVISION.

Attercliffe Ward,

Park Ward, and The Parish of Heeley.

No. 2. — THE BRIGHTSIDE DIVISION.

Brightside Ward.

No. 3. — THE CENTRAL DIVISION.

St. Peter's Ward,

St. Philip's Ward, and St. George's Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described.

No. 4. — THE HALLAM DIVISION.

Nether Hallam Ward,

Upper Hallam Ward,

Such portions of St. George's Ward as are entirely or nearly surrounded by the Nether Hallam Ward, and

So much of the Glossop Road Polling District of the Ecclesall Ward as lies to the north-west of a line drawn along the centres of Clark House Lane and Glossop Road, and to the north of a line drawn along the centre of Wilkinson Street.

No. 5. — THE ECCLESALL DIVISION.

Ecclesall Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described.

1885.

Ch. 23.

159

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

SHOREDITCH.

Two Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE HOXTON DIVISION.

Moorfields Ward,

Church Ward,

Hoxton Ward, and Wenlock Ward.

No. 2. — THE HAGGERSTON DIVISION.

Whitmore Ward,

Kingsland Ward,

Hoggerston Ward, and Acton Ward.

SOUTHWARK.

Three Members. — One Member for each Division. Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WEST DIVISION.

The St. Saviour's District, and No. 1 St. Michael's and No. 2 St. Paul's Wards of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark.

No. 2. — THE ROTHERHITHE DIVISION.

The St. Olave's District,

The Parish of Rotherhithe, and

No. 4 Ward of the Parish of Bermondsey.

No. 3. — THE BERMONDSEY DIVISION.

No. 1, No. 2, and No. 3 Wards of Bermondsey Parish.

No. 3 St. George's Ward of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark.

SWANSEA.

Two Divisions. — -One Member for each Division. Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — SWANSEA TOWN.

The Parish of Swansea (Town),

The Parish of St. Thomas, and

So much of the Parish of Swansea (Higher and Lower) ns is comprised within the Parliamentary Borough of Swansea.

No. 2. — SWANSEA DISTRICT.

The Contributory Boroughs of —

Aberavon,

Kenfig,

Lough or, and Neath, the Parish of —

St. John near Swansea, and so much of the Parishes of —

Clase, Llangafelach, Llansamlct Lower, and Llansamlet Higher, as is comprised within the Parliamentary Borough of Swansea.

TOWER HAMLETS.

Seven Members. — One Member for each Division. Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WHITECHAPEL DIVISION.

The Whitechapel District.

No. 2. — THE ST. GEORGE DIVISION.

The Parish of St. George-in-the-East and the Parish of Wapping.

No. 3. — THE L1MEHOUSE DIVISION. The Limehouse District, except the Parish of Wapping.

No. 4. — THE MILE END DIVISION.

North Ward and East Ward of the Hamlet of Mdc End Old Town.

ICO Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

No. 5. — THE STEPNEY DIVISION.

Centre Ward, West Ward, and South Ward of the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town.

No. 6. — THE BOW AND BROMLEY DIVISION.

The Parish of St. Mary Stratford-le- Bow, and

The Parish of Bromley St. Leonard, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 7, as herein described.

48 & 49 VICT.

No. 7. — THE POPLAR DIVISION.

The Parish of Poplar, and so much of the Parish of Bromley St. Leonard as lies to the east and south of a line drawn from the boundary of the Parish of All Saints, Poplar, along the centre of the present North London Railway to a point opposite the centre of Bright Street; thence eastward, along the centres of Bright Street and Dewberry Street, to Brunswick Road; thence northward, along the centre of Brunswick Road, to the centre of Lochnagar Street; and thence, along the centre of Lochnagar Street and the continuation of the centre line of that street, to the Parish boundary in Bow Creek.

WEST HAM.

Two Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH DIVISION.

So much of the Parliamentary Borough of West Ham as is situate to the north of the following boundary; that is to say, — From a point where the north side of the present London and Tilbury Railway crosses the west boundary of West Ham Parish; thence in a north-easterly direction along the north side of the said railway to a point where the east side of the present North Woolwich Branch of the Great Eastern Railway crosses it j thence in a northerly direction

along the east side of the last-mentioned railway to a point opposite the centre of Abbey Road; thence in a north-easterly and easterly direction along the centres of Abbey Road, Church Street North, Portway, and Plashet Lane to the eastern boundary of West Ham Parish.

No. 2. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

The Parliamentary Borough of West Ham, except so much as is comprised in Division No. I as herein described.

WOLVERHAMPTON.

Three Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WEST DIVISION.

St. Mark's Ward,

St. Paul's Ward,

St. John's Ward,

St. George's Ward,

St. Matthew's Ward, and So much of the Parish of Bilston, as is known as Ettingsball New Village, being the portion which lies to the west of a line drawn along the centre of Ward Street, and is bounded on the south by Sedgley Parish, and on the north and west by the Municipal Borough of Wolverhampton.

No. 2. — THE EAST DIVISION.

St. Mary's Ward,

St. James' Ward, and St. Peter's Ward, and the Parishes of —

Wednesfield and Willenhall.

No. 3. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

The Parish of Sedgley, and The Parish of Bilston, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described.

1885.

Redistribution of Seats, 1885. Ch. 23.

161

Part II. SCOTLAND.

ABERDEEN.

Two Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH DIVISION. The Municipal Wards of —

St. Clement,

St. Andrew,

St. Machar, and Greyfriars, and the tenth, and

eleventh Parliamentary Polling Districts.

No. 2. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

The Municipal Wards of —

St. Nicholas,

Rosemount,

Rubislaw, and Ferryhill, and the ninth Parliamentary Polling District,

EDINBURGH.

Four Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE EAST DIVISION.

The Municipal Wards of —

Broughton,

Calton, and Canougate,

And so much of St. Leonard's Ward as lies to the north of a line drawn along the centres of East and West Richmond Streets.

No. 2. — THE WEST DIVISION.

The Municipal Wards of —

St. Andrew,

St. Stephen,

St. Bernard, and St. Luke.

No. 3. — THE CENTRAL DIVISION.

The Municipal Wards of —

St. Giles,

George Square, and

St. Leonard, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1. as herein described.

No. 4. — THE SOUTH DIVISION.

The Municipal Wards of —

St. George,

St. Cuthbert, and Newington.

GLASGOW.

Seven Divisions. — One Member for each Division. Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE BRIDGETON DIVISION.

The First and Fourth Municipal Wards.

No. 2. — THE CAMLACHIE DIVISION.

The Second Municipal Ward, and so much of the Third Municipal Ward as lies south of a line drawn along the centre of Duke Street.

No. 3. — ST. ROLLOX DIVISION.

The Fifth Municipal Ward, and the Third Municipal Ward, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described.

L

No. 4. — THE CENTRAL DIVISION.

The Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Twelfth, and Thirteenth Municipal Wards.

No. 5. — THE COLLEGE DIVISION. The Tenth and Eleventh Municipal Wards.

No.6. — THE TRADESTON DIVISION. The Fifteenth and Sixteenth Municipal Wards.

No. 7 — THE BLACKFRIARS AND HUTCHESONTOWN DIVISION.

The Sixth and Fourteenth Municipal Wards.

2

1G2

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

Part III.

IRELAND.

BOROUGH OF BELFAST.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names, Contents, and Boundaries op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE EAST BELFAST DIVISION.

Dock Ward (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4, as herein described) so much of Cromac Ward as is situate in the County of Down,

in the Parish of Holywood, in the County of Down, the Townlands of: — Ballycloghan, Ballyhackamore (with the Town of Ballyhackamore), Ballymaghan, Ballymiscrt, and Strandtown (with the Town of Strandtown), and in the Parish of Knockbreda, in the County of Down, the Townlands of: — Bally-rushboy, Knock, and Multyhogy.

No. 2. — THE SOUTH BELFAST DIVISION.

Cromac Ward (except so much us is comprised iu Division No. 1, as herein described),

St. George's Ward (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3, as herein described),

and in the Parish of Shankill, County of Antrim, the Townland of Malone Lower, and so much of the Townland of Malone Upper as is included in the Parliamentary Borough.

No. 3. — THE WEST BELFAST DIVISION.

So much of St. Anne's Ward as is bounded on the north-west by a line drawn along the centre of Carrick Hill,

so much of St. George's Ward as lie3 to the north of a line drawn along the centre of Grosvenor Street and west of a line drawn along the centre of Durham Street,

Smithfield Ward,

and in the Parish of Shankill, in the County of Antrim, the Townlands of — Ballymagnrry, and Ballymurphy.

No. 4. — THE NORTH BELFAST DIVISION.

St, Anne's Ward (except so much as is comprised iu Division No. 3, as herein described), so much of Dock Ward as is bounded on the south-east by a line drawn along the centre of North Queen Street, and on the north-east by a line drawn along the centre of New Lodge Road; and on the south-west by a line drawn along the centre of Limestone Road, and continued in a straight line to the centre of York Road, and on the cast by a line drawn along the centre of Carrickfergus Road,

and in the Parish of Shankill, in the County of Antrim, the Townlands of: — Ballygo-marlin, Ballysillan Lower, Greencastle (with the Town of Greencastle), Legoniel (with the Town of Lcgoniel), Lowwood, Old Park (with the Town of Old Park), and Skegoniell, and so much of the Townland of Ballyaghagan as is in the Parliamentary Borough.

BOROUGH OF DUBLIN.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. L — THE COLLEGE GREEN DIVISION.

Arran-quay Ward,

Innsquay Ward,

1885.

Cu. 23.

1C3

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

North City Ward,

South City Ward,

and so much of Rotundo Ward as lies south-west of a line drawn along the centre of Frederick Street, north, and of a line drawn along the centre of East Cavendish Row.

No. 2. — THE DUBLIN HARBOUR DIVISION.

Mouutjoy Ward,

North Dock Ward,

Rotundo Ward (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described), so much of South Dock Ward us lies north of a line drawn along tlio centre of Great Brunswick Street,

so much of Trinity Ward as lies north of a line drawn along the centre of Great Brunswick Street,

and the towns of Ringsend and Irishtown, and so much of Beggar's Bush as is bounded on the north and west by the municipal boundary of the North and South Dock Wards, on the west and south-west by a line drawn along the centres of Grand Canal Street and of Shelbourne Road, on the south by a line drawn along the centre of Haig's Avenue, and on the east by Irishtown.

No. 3. — THE ST. STEPHEN'S GREEN DIVISION.

Exchange Ward,

Fitzwilliam Ward,

Mansion House Ward,

South Dock Ward (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described),

Trinity Ward (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described), and so much of tho Parliamentary Borough of Dublin as is not included in the Municipal Borough, and is not comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described.

No. 4. — THE ST. PATRICK'S DIVISION.

Merchant's-quay Ward,

Usher's-quay Ward, and

Wood-quay Ward.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE. Section 9.

Counties at Large.

Number of Members and Names and Contents of Divisions.

PART I. — ENGLAND.

COUNTY OF BEDFORD.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR BIGGLESWADE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bedford, Biggleswade, and Sharnbrook,

the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Ampthill, of — Ampthill, Clophill, Oranlield, Hawncs, Houghton Conquest, Lidlington, Mqrston Mortaine, Maulden, and Millbrook, and the Municipal Borough of Bedford.

164 Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

No. 2. — THE SOUTHERN OR LUTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Leighton Buzzard, Luton, and

Woburn,

and the Municipal Boroughs of Dunstable and Luton.

So much of the Sessional Division of Ampthill as is not comprised in Division No. 1 as herein

described,

COUNTY OF BERKS.

Three Members. — Three Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR ABINGDON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Abingdon, Wallingford, and

Faringdon, I Wantage,

the Municipal Borough of Wallingford,

and so much of the Municipal Boroughs of Abingdon and Oxford as is in the county of Berks.

No. 2. — THE SOUTHERN OR NEWBURY DIVISION. The Sessional Divisions of —

llsley,

Lambourn,

Newbury (including Hungerferd), and

Reading (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described),

the Municipal Boroughs of Newbury and Reading, and so much of Wokingham Sessional Division as is in the Parliamentary Borough of Reading.

No. 3. — THE EASTERN OR WOKINGHAM DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Maidenhead and So much of the Sessional Division of

Windsor, Wokingham as is not comprised in

Division No. 2 as herein described; the Municipal Boroughs of Maidenhead and New Windsor, and the Parishes of Swallowfield East and Swallowfield West.

COUNTY OF BUCKS.

Three Members. — Three Divisions. Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR BUCKINGHAM DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Ashendon, Newport,

Buckingham, Stony Stratford, and

and the Municipal Borough of Buckingham.

Winslow (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described ),

No. 2 — THE MID OR AYLESBURY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Aylesbury, Desborough (Second Division) (except Linslade,

Chesham, so much as is comprised in Division

No. 3 as herein described), and and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Winslow of — Creslow, Oving, Pitchcott, Quainton, Shipton Lee, and Whitchurch.

1885.

165

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

No. 3. — THE SOUTHERN OR WYCOMBE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Burnham, Desborough (First Division), and Stoke,

the Municipal Borough of Chipping Wycombe,

and in the Sessional Division of Desborough (Second Division) the Parishes of — West Wycombe and Wooburn, and so much of the Parish of Chipping Wycombe as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Chipping Wycombe.

COUNTY OF CAMBRIDGE.

Three Members. — Three Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR WISBECH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

North Witchford, Whittlesea, and Wisbech,

the Municipal Borough of Wisbech, and the Parishes of — Coveney, Downham, and Littleport.

No. 2. — THE WESTERN OR CHESTERTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Arrington and Melbourn, Cambridge, and Caxton,

the Municipal Borough of Cambridge,

and the Parishes of — Grunty Fen, Haddenham, Mepal, Stretham, Sutton, Thetford, Wentworth, Wilburton, Witcham, Witchford.

No. 3. — THE EASTERN OR NEWMARKET DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bottisham, Linton, and Newmarket,

and the Parishes of — Ely College, Ely Holy Trinity, and Ely St. Mary.

COUNTY OF CARMARTHEN.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Llandeilo (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein

described),

Llandovery (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein

described), and Llanelly.

No. 2. — THE WESTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Carmarthen, I Llanfihangel-ar-Arth, I St. Clears,

Llanboidy, | Newcastle Emlyn, and the Municipal Borough of Carmarthen,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Llandeilo, of — Llanegwad, and Llanfynydd, and in the Sessional Division of Llandovery of — Llansawyl, and Pencarreg.

166

Ch. 23.

Redistribution, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

COUNTY OF CARNARVON.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE SOUTHERN OR EIFION DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Carnarvon (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described),

Eifionydd or Portmadoc, and Pwllheli,

and the Municipal Borough of Carnarvon.

No. 2. — THE NORTHERN OR ARFON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bangor, Conway, and Nant-Conway,

and the Parishes of — Llanboris and Llanddeiniolcn.

COUNTY OF CHESTER.

Eight Members. — Eight Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WIRRAL DIVISION.

The Hundred of Wirral, and the Municipal Borough of Birkenhead.

No. 2. — THE EDDISBURY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Broxton,

Chester Castle (except so much as is comprised in the Wirral Hundred), Eddisbury (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described), and

Nantwich (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described),

the Municipal Borough of the City of Chester,

and tho Parishes in the Sessional Division of Northwich of — Bradwall, Minshull Vernon, Moston, Occleston, Sutton, Tetton, Warmingham, and Wimboldsley.

No. 3. — THE MACCLESFIELD DIVISION.

The Municipal Boroughs of Congleton and Macclesfield, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Prestbury of — Birtlcs, Bosley, Eaton, Gawsworth, Henbury-cum-Pexall, North Rode, Wildboarclough, and Wincle, and so much of the Parishes of Hurdsfield and Sutton as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Macclesfield, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Northwich of — Buglawton, Hulme Walfield, Now bold Astbury, and Radnor.

No. 4. — THE CREWE DIVISION.

The Municipal Borough of Crewe, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Nantwich of — Alvaston and Beamheath in Alvaston, Barthomley, Basford, Chorlton, Church Coppenhall, Crewe, Haslington, Hough, Nantwich, Rope, Shavington*cum-Gresty, Stapeley, Weston, Willaston, Wistaston, and Wybunbury, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Northwich of — Alsager, Arclid, Betchtoo, Church Lawton, Elton, Hassall, Moreton-cum-Alcumlow, Odd Rode, Sandbach, Smallwood, and Wheelock.

1885.

167

Redistribution of Seata Ad, 1885. Ch. 23.

No. 5. — THE NORTHWICH DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Runcorn, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Daresbury of — Bartington, Dutton, ami Little Leigh,

and in the Sessional Division of Eddisbury of — Acton, Over, and Weaver-ham-cum-Milton,

and in the Sessional Division of Leflwich of — Anderton, Barnton, Castle Northwich, Cogshall, Comberbach, Davenham, Eaton, Great Budworth, Hartford, Leftwich, Marbury, Marston, Moulton, Northwich, Wallers-coat, Witton-cum-Twambrooks, Wincham, and Winnington, and in the Sessional Division of Northwich of — Bostock, Clive, Croxton, Kinderton-cum-Hulme, Middlewich, Newton, Ravenscroft, Stanthorne, Wharton, and Whatcroft.

No. 6. — THE ALTRINCHAM DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Altrincham, and Stockport (except so much os is comprised in

Divisions No. 7 and No. 8 ns herein described), and so much of the Municipal Borough of Stockport as is situate in the County of Chester.

No. 7. — THE HYDE DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Hyde, so much of the Municipal Borough of Stalybridge as is included in the County of Chester, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Stockport of — Bosden, Bredbury, Brinning-ton (except the part included in the Municipal Borough of Stockport), Marple, Offerton, Romiley, and Torkington.

No. 8. — THE KNUTSFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bucklow,

Daresbury (except so much as is comprised iu Division No. 5 os herein described),

Prestbury (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described), and,

Leftwich (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described),

so much of the Municipal Borough of Warrington as is situute in the County of Chester, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Northwich of — Allostock, Blackden, Brereton-cum - Smethwick, Byley - cum - Yatehouse, Church Hulmc, r Cotton, Cranage, Davenport, Goostrey-cutn-Barmshaw, Kcrmiocliam, Lecse, Mooresbarrow-cum-Parme, Somerford, Somerford Booths, Sproston, Swettenham, and Twcmlow, and in the Sessional Division of Stockport of — Disley, Taxall, and Yeardsley-cum-Whaley.

COUNTY OF CORNWALL.

Six Members. — Six Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. I. — THE WESTERN OR ST. IVES DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Pcnwith, West (including the Scilly Islands), the Municipal Boroughs of Penzance and St. Ives, and the Parishes of — St. Erth and Uny-Lelant.

168

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

48 & 49 Vict.

No. 2. — THE NORTH-WESTERN OR CAMBORNE DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Penwith, East (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described), and the Parishes of Gwennap and St. Agn&s.

No. 3. — THE TRURO DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Kerrier, East (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described),

Kerrier, West, and

Powder, West (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described),

and the Municipal Boroughs of Falmouth, Helston, Penryn, and Truro.

No. 4. — THE MID OR ST. AUSTELL DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Powder, East, Powder, South, and Pyder,

and the Parishes of Ladock and St. Blazey.

No. 5. — THE SOUTH-EASTERN OR BODMIN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

East South, Powder Tywardreath (except so much West Hundred, as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described), and the Municipal Boroughs of Bodmin and Liskeard, and the Parishes of Bodmin, Holland, and Lanivet.

No. 6. — THE NORTH-EASTERN OR LAUNCESTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

East Middle, Lesnewth,

East North, Stratton, and

Trigg (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described).

COUNTY OF CUMBERLAND.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

* Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR ESKDALE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Eskdale Ward,

Cumberland Ward,

Longtown, and and the Municipal Borough of Carlisle

No. 2. — THE MID OR PENRITH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Keswick, and Leath Ward,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Allerdale Ward below Derwent, of — Allhallows, Blencogo, Blennerhasset and Kirkland, Caldbeck High and Low, Dundraw and Kelsick, High Bolton, High Ireby, High and Low Thursby, Low Bolton, Low Ireby, Schergham High and Low, Tor-penhow and Whitrigg, Uldale, Waverton High and Low, Westward, Wigton, and Woodside.

No. 3. — THE COCKERMOUTH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Derwent, and Workington.

Allerdale Ward below Derwent (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described),

1885,

169

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

No. 4. — THE WESTERN OR EGREMONT DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bootle, and Allerdale Ward above Derwent.

COUNTY OF DENBIGH. Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bromfield, and Ruabon.

the Municipal Borough of Wrexham, and the Parish of Chirk.

No. 2. — THE WESTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Chirk Lower (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Denbigh.

Chirk Upper,

Isaled,

Isdulas,

Ruthin, Uwchaled, and Uwchdulas,

COUNTY OF DERBY.

Seven Members. — Seven Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE HIGH PEAK DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Buxton, Chapel-en-le-Frith, and Glossop,

and the Municipal Borough of Glossop.

No. 2. — THE NORTH-EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Eckington, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Chesterfield, of — Bolsover, Staveley, and Whittington.

No. 3. — THE CHESTERFIELD DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of —

Chesterfield (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described), the Municipal Borough of Chesterfield,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Alfreton of — Ashover, Clay Lane, and Stretton.

No. 4. — THE WESTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Appletree, Bakewell, and

Ashbourn (except the Parish of Mercaston), Wirksworth.

No. 5. — THE MID DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Alfreton (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described), and Belper.

r

170 Ch. 23. RedistrihUivn of Seals Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

No. 6. — THE ILKESTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Smalley, nnd the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Derby of — Broaston, Draycott and Wilne, Hopwell, Longenton, Osk brook, Risley, and Sawley and Wilsthorpe.

No, 7. — THE SOUTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Derby (except so much ns is corn- Repton, and

f>riscd in Division No. G as Swadlingcote,

lercin described),

the Municipal Borough of Derby, and the Parish, in the Sessional Division of Ashbourn, of Mercaston.

COUNTY OF DEVON.

Eight Members. — Eight Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1 — THE EASTERN OR HONITON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Axminster, Oltery, and

Honiton, Woodbury.

No. 2. — THE NORTH-EASTERN OR TIVERTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of — '

Cullompton, nnd Wonford (except so much as is comprised in the

Parliamentary Borough of Exeter),

and the Municipal Borough of Tiverton.

No. 3. — THE NORTHERN OR SOUTH MOLTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Crediton, Great Torrington, and South Molton,

and the Municipal Borough of South Molton.

No. 4. — THE NORTH-WESTERN OR BARNSTAPLE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bideford, and Braunton,

and the Municipal Boroughs of Barnstaple and Bideford.

No, 5. — THE WESTERN OR TAVISTOCK DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Hatherleigh, I Lifton, j Roborough, and

Holsworthy, | Midland Roborough, j Tavistock,

and the Municipal Boroughs of Devonport and Plymouth.

No. 6. — THE SOUTHERN OR TOTNES DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Ermington and Plympton, and Stanb^rough and Coleridge,

and the Municipal Borough of Totres.

No. 7. — THE TORQUAY DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Paignton, and the Municipal Borough of Dartmouth.

No. 8. — THE MID OR ASHBURTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Crockernwell, and Teignbridge.

1885.

CH. 23.

171

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

COUNTY OF DORSET.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN DIVISION. The Sessional Divisions of —

Blandford, I Sherborne (except so much as is Shaftesbury, I comprised in Division No. 4 | as herein described), and

Sturminslcr.

No. 2. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Wareham (except so much as is comprised in Wimborne, Division No. 3 as herein described), and and the Municipal Borough of Poole.

No. 3. — THE SOUTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of —

Dorchester (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described),

the Municipal Boroughs of Dorchester, and Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Wareham of — Aff-Puddle, Chaldon-Herring, Coombe Keynes, East Lulworth, Moreton, Turner's Puddle, West Lul-worth, WinfWth, and Wool.

No. 4. — THE WESTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bridport, and Ccrue,

and the Municipal Boroughs of Bridport and Lyme Regis,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Dorchester of — Abbotsbury, Chilfrome, Compton Abbas, Compton Vallence, Evershot, Frampton, Frome Vau-church, Kingston-Russell, Langton-Herring, Littlebredy, Litton-Cheney, Longbredy, Maiden-Newton, Melbury-Sampford, Portisham, Puncknowle, Rampisham, Swyre, Toller-Fratrum, Toiler-Porcorum, Winterborne Abbas, Winterborne-Stecpleton, and Wynford-Eagle, and in the Sessional Division of Sherborne of — Chetnolc, Leigh, Melbury-Osmond, Ryme Tntrinsica, Stockwood, and Yetminster.

COUNTY OF DURHAM.

Eight Members. — Eight Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE JARROW DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of South Shields, the Municipal Boroughs of Jnrrow and South Shields,

and so much of the parish of Heworth ns is not included in the Municipal Borough of Gateshead.

No. 2. — THE HOUGHTON-LE-SPRING DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Houghton-le-Spring (including the whole of the I Sunderland,

Parish of Moorhouse), and I

the Municipal Borough of Sunderland,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Seaham Harbour of — Dnlton-le-Dale, East Murton, Seaham, and Seaton and Slingley.

172 Ch. 23. Redisti'ibution of Seeds Act, 1885, 48 & 49 VICT.

No. 3. — THE CHESTER-LE-STREET DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Chester-le-Street, and Gateshead (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Gateshead.

No. 4. — THE NORTH-WESTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of —

Lanchester and Consett, and the Parishes of — Edmondbyers and Hunstanworth.

No. 5. — THE MID DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of —

Durham including Willington (inclusive of the whole of the Parish of Shadforth, but exclusive of every part of the Parish of Moor house), and the Municipal Borough of Durham.

No. 6. — THE SOUTH-EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Castle Eden (exclusive of any part of the Parish of Shadforth),

Darlington,

Seaham Harbour (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described),

and the Municipal Boroughs of — Darlington, Hartlepool, and Stockton-on-Tees.

Stockton-on-Tees, and West Hartlepool,

No. 7. — THE BISHOP AUCKLAND DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of —

Bishop Auckland (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 8 as herein described).

No. 8. — THE BARNARD CASTLE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of — Barnard Castle and Staindrop,

Wolsingham,

Stanhope (except the Parishes of Hunstanworth and Edmondbyers), and

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Bishop Auckland of — Auckland St. Helen, Bolam, Crook and Billy Row, Evenwood and Barony, Hamsterley, North Bedburn, South Bedburn, West Auckland, and Witton-le-Wear.

COUNTY OF ESSEX.

Eight Members. — Eight Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE SOUTH-WESTERN OR WALTHAMSTOW DIVISION.

The Parishes of Low Leyton, Walthamstow, and Woodford.

No. 2. — THE SOUTHERN OR ROMFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Bacontree (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described), and the Liberty of Havering-atte- Bower.

1885.

173

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

No. 3. — THE WESTERN OR EPPING DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Dunmow (except the parish of Thaxted), I Harlow, and Epping, I Ongar.

No. 4. — THE NORTHERN OR SAFFRON WALDEN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Freshwell,

Hinckford (North),

Hinckford South (Halstead Bench) (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 6 as herein described), and Walden,

the Municipal Borough of Saffron Walden, and so much of the Municipal Borough of Sudbury as is situate in the county of Essex, and the Parish of Thaxted.

No. 5. — THE NORTH-EASTERN OR HARWICH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Lexden and Winstree (except so much as is Tendring,

comprised in Division No. 6 as herein described), and and the Municipal Boroughs of Colchester and Harwich.

No. 6. — THE EASTERN OR MALDON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Hinckford South (Braintree Bench) and Witham,

the Municipal Borough of Maldon,

and the Parishes, in the sessional division of Hinckford South (Halstead Bench), of — Earls Colne, and Halstead,

and, in the sessional division of Lexden and Winstree, of — Aldham, Easthorpe, Great Tey, Little Tey, Marks Tey, and Pontisbright.

No. 7. — THE MID OR CHELMSFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Brentwood (except the Parishes of Rainham Chelmsford,

and Wennington), and

No. 8. — THE SOUTH-EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Dengie, Orsett, and Rochford,

and the Parishes of Rainham and Wennington.

COUNTY OF GLAMORGAN. Five Members. — Five Divisions. Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Caerphilly Higher,

Caerphilly Lower, including the whole of the Parish of Eglwysi-lan.

Miskin Higher, and

Miskin Lower (except so much as is comprised in Divisions No. 2 and No. 5 as herein described).

No. 2. — THE RHONDDA DIVISION. The Parish of Ystradyfodwg.

174

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats , 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

No. 3. — THE WESTERN OR GOWER DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Gower, Pontardawe, and Swansea,

and the Municipal Borough of Swansea.

No. 4 — THE MID DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Neath, and Newcastle and Ogmorc (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Aberavon.

No. 5. — THE SOUTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Cowbridge, Dinas-Powis, and

Kibbor, except any part of the Parish of Eglwysilan,

and Ogmore of — Colwinstone, Coyty Higher, Coyty Lower,

the Municipal Borough of Cardiff,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Newcastle Coychurch Higher, Coychurch Lower,

Ewenny, Llandow, Llangun, Marcross, Merthyr Mawr, Monknash, Newcastle Lower, Newton Nottage, Pencoed, Peterstone, St. Andrew Minor, St. Bride Major, St. Donats, St. Mary Hill, Tythegston Lower, and Wick,

and in the Sessional Division of Miskin Lower, of — Llantrisaint.

COUNTY OF GLOUCESTER.

Five Members. — Five Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE MID OR STROUD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Dursley (except the Parish of Slimbridge), I Stroud, and

Horsley, | Wootton-under-Edge,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of of — Eastington, Frocester, King Stanley, Leonard Stanley, Randwick, and Stonehouse.

No. 2. — THE NORTHERN OR TEWKESBURY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Berkeley, (except so much ns is comprised

Cheltenham,

Gloucester,

Tewkesbury,

and the Municipal Boroughs of Gloucester and Tewkesbury, and the Parish of Slimbridge.

in Division No. 1 as herein described), and Winchcomb,

No. 3. — THE EASTERN OR CIRENCESTER DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Cumpdcn, Moreton-in-the-Marsh,

Cirencester, Norihlcach,

F airford,

Stow, and Tetbury.

No. 4. — THE FOREST OF DEAN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Coleford, I Newent, and

Lydncv, J Newnham.

1885.

175

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

No. 5. — THE SOUTHERN OR THORNBURY DIVISION. The Sessional Divisions of —

Lawford's Gate (except so much as is included in the Parliamentary Borough of Bristol),

Sodbury, and Thornbury.

COUNTY OF HANTS, EXCLUSIVE OF THE ISLE OF WIGHT.

Five Members. — Five Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. .1. — THE NORTHERN OR BASINGSTOKE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Basingstoke, and Odiham,

and the Municipal Borough of Basingstoke.

No. 2. — THE WESTERN OR ANDOVER DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Andover, Winchester (except so much as is comprised in

KingBclere, and Division No. 3 as herein described),

the Municipal Boroughs of Andover and Winchester,

and the Parishes, in the Romsey Sessional Division, of — Bossing ton, Broughton, Crown Farm, East and West Buckolt, East Tytherley, Frenchmoor, Houghton, Kings Somboum, Upper Eldon, and West Tytherley.

No. 3. — THE EASTERN OR PETERSFIELD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Alton, Droxford, and Petorsfield,

and the Parishes, in the Winchester Sessional Division, of — Beauworth, Bighton, Bishops Sutton, Bramdean, Brown Candover, Cheriton, Chilton Candover, Godsfield, Hinton Ampner, Itchen Stoke, Kiliniston, New Alresford, W., N&rthington, Old Alresford, Ovington, Ropley, Swarraton, Tichborne, and West Tisted.

No. 4 — THE SOUTHERN OR FAREHAM DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Fareham and

Southampton (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described),

and the Municipal Boroughs of Portsmouth and Southampton.

No. 5. — THE NEW FOREST DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Lymington, Romsey (except so much as is comprised

Ringwood, and in Division No. 2 as herein described),

the Municipal Borough of Romsey, and the Parishes of — Chilworth and North Stoneham.

COUNTY OF HEREFORD.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR LEOMINSTER DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bredwardine, j Kington, I Weobley, and

Bromyard, | Leominster, | Wigmore,

and the Municipal Borough of Leominster.

176

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

No. 2. — THE SOUTHERN OR ROSS DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Dore, J Hereford, | Ross,

Hare wood's End, (Ledbury, and

and the Municipal Borough of Hereford.

COUNTY OF HERTFORD.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR HITCHIN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Albury (except the Parishes j Bimtingford, I Stevenage, and of Great and Little Had- Hitchin, I Welwyn,

ham), | Odsey,

and the Parish of Braughing.

No. 2. — THE EASTERN OR HERTFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bishop Stortford, J Hertford (except so much as is Cheshunt, comprised in Division No. 3

as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Hertford, and the Parishes of Great Hadham and Little Hadham.

No. 3. — THE MID OR ST. ALBANS DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Barnet and St. Albans,

the Municipal Borough of St. Albans,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Watford of — Aldenham,

in the Sessional Division of Hertford of — Essendon, Hatfield Bishops, and North Minims, and in the Sessional Division of Dacorum of — Flamstead, Great Gaddesden, Kensworth, and Littlo Gaddesden, and such parts of the Parishes of Caddington, Studham, and Whipsnade as are in the County of Hertford.

No. 4. — THE WESTERN OR WATFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Dacorum (except so much as is comprised Watford (except the

in Division No. 3 as herein described), Parish of Aldenham).

and

Ware (except the Parish of Braughing),

COUNTY OF HUNTINGDON.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE SOUTHERN OR HUNTINGDON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Leightonstone, and Toseland.

No. 2. — THE NORTHERN OR RAMSEY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Hijrstingtone, Ramsey.

Norman Cross, and

1885.

Ch.

177

Redistribution of Seats 18S5.

COUNTY OF KENT.

Eight Members. — Eight Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No..l. — THE WESTERN OR SEVENOAKS DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bromley (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described), and Sevenoaks, the Parish of Mottingham,

the area of the Parliamentary Borough of Lewisham, '

and so much of the area of the Parliamentary Borough of Deptford as is included in the County of Kent.

No. 2. — THE NORTH-WESTERN OR DARTFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Dartford, the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Bromley of — Foot's Cray, North Cray, Orpington, St. Mary Cray, and St. Paul's Cray, and the area of the Parliamentary Boroughs of Greenwich and Woolwich.

No. 3. — THE SOUTH-WESTERN OR TUNBRIDGE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Tunbridge, and Tunbridge Wells,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Mailing of — Hun ton, East Peckh&m, Nettlested, and Yalding.

No. 4. — THE MID OR MEDWAY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bearstead,

Mailing (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described), and

Rochester, including the parish of Grange (non-corporate member of Hastings'),

and the Municipal Boroughs of Gravesend, Maidstone, and Rochester.

No. 5.-THE NORTH-EASTERN OR FAVERSHAM DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Faversham, the Municipal Borough of Faversham, and the Corporate Town, of Queenborough.

No. 6. — THE SOUTHERN OR ASHFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Ashford, and Cranbrook,

the Municipal Borough of Tenterden, the Corporate Towns of Lydd and New Romney,

and so much of the Liberty of Romney Marsh as is not included in Division No. 7 as herein described.

No. 7. — THE EASTERN OR ST. AUGUSTINE'S DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Elham, Home, and Wingham,

the Municipal Boroughs of Canterbury, Deal, Dover, Folkestone, and Hythe, and Fordwich (Corporate Town), Bekesbonme (non-corporate member of Hastings), Ringswold and Kingsdown (non-corporate members of Dover), and Walmer (non-corporate member of Sandwich), and such parts of the Parishes of — Aldington, Hurst, Lympne, Newington-next-Hylhe, Sellinge, and West Hythe, as are within the Liberty of Romney Marsh.

178

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

No. 8. — THE ISLE OF THANET DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Ramsgate, the Municipal Boroughs of Margate and Sandwich,

also Ramsgate and Sarre (non-corporate members of Sandwich), and Birchington, Minster, St. John, St. Peter, and Wood (non-corporate members of Dover).

COUNTY OF LANCASTER.

Twenty-three Members. — Twenty-three Divisions.

NORTH LANCASHIRE.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Name8 and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH LONSDALE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Barrow-in-Furness, Hawkshead, and North Lonsdale

(including Cartmel),

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of South Lonsdale of — Bolton-le-Sands, Borwick, Camforth, Dalton, Nether Kellet, Over Kellet, Priest Hutton, Silverdale, War ton - with - Lindeth, Yealand - Conyers, and Yealand-Redmayne.

No. 2. — THE LANCASTER DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Garstang, South Lonsdale (except so much as is

Hornby, and comprised in Division No. 1 as

herein described),

and the Municipal Borough of Lancaster.

No. 3. — THE BLACKPOOL DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Amounderness, Leyland (except so much as is comprised

Kirkham, and in Division No. 4 as herein described),

and the Municipal Borough of Preston.

No. 4. — THE CHORLEY DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Leyland Hundred,

-and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Leyland of — Clayton-le-Woods, Cuerden and Leyland.

NORTH-EAST LANCASHIRE.

Four Members. — -Four Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 5. — THE DARWEN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Blackburn (except so much as is Darwen, and

comprised in Division No. 7 Waltou-le-Dale,

as herein described), the Municipal Boroughs of Blackburn and Over Darwen,

.and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Clitheroe of — Aighton Bailey and Chaigley, Little Bowland, Chipping, and Leagram, and Thornley with Wheatley.

1885.

179

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

No. 6. — THE CL1THEROE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Burnley (except the Parieh of Hapton),

Clitheroe (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described), and Colne,

and the Municipal Boroughs of Burnley and Clitheroe.

No. 7. — THE ACCRINGTON DIVISION.

The Municipal Borough of Accrington, and the Parishes of — Altham, Church, Clayton-le-Moors, Hapton, Huncoat, Osvrald-twisle, and Rishton.

No. 8. — THE ROSSENDALE DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Rossendale, and so much of the Municipal Borough of Bacup as is not included in the Sessional Division of Rossendale.

SOUTH-EAST LANCASHIRE.

Eight Members. — Eight Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 9. — THE WESTHOUGHTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Bolton (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 12 as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Bolton.

No. 10. — THE HEYWOOD DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Bury (except so much as is comprised in Divisions No. 11 and No. 12 as herein described), the Municipal Boroughs of Bury and Hey wood,

and so much of the Parish of Spotland as is not included in the Local Government District of Whitworth, or in the Municipal Borough of Bacup, or in the Municipal Borough of Rochdale.

No. 11. — THE MIDDLETON DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Middleton (except so much of the Parish of Spotland as is included in Division No. 10 as herein described, or in the Municipal Borough of Bacup), the Municipal Borough of Rochdale, and the Parishes of — Alkrington and Tonge,

and in the Sessional Division of Bury so much of the Parish of Hopwood as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Hey wood.

No. 12. — THE RADCLIFFE-CUM-FARNWORTH DIVISION.

The Parishes in the Sessional Division of Bolton of — Farnworth, Kearsley, and Little Hulton,

and in the Sessional Division of Bury the Parish of Pilkington, and so much of the Parish of Radcliffe as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Bury.

No. 13. — THE ECCLES DIVISION.

The Parishes of — Barton-upon-Irwell, Clifton, Flixton, Urmston, and Woraley, and so much of the Parish of Pendlebury as is not within the Municipal Borough of Salford.

180

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

No. 14. — THE STRETFORD DIVISION.

The Municipal Boroughs of Manchester, and Salford, and so much of the Municipal Borough of Stockport as is situate in the County of Lancaster, and the Parishes of — Bradford, Burnage, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Didsbury, Harpurhey, Levenshulme, Moss Side, Newton, Reddish, Rusholme, Stretford, and Withington, and so much of the Parish of Heaton Norris as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Stockport.

No. 15. — THE GORTON DIVISION.

The Parishes of — Denton, Haughton, and Openshaw, and so much of the Parish of Gorton as is not included in the Parliamentary Borough of Manchester.

No. 16 — THE PRESTWICH DIVISION.

The Municipal Boroughs of Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, and the Parishes of — Blackley, Chadderton, Crompton, Crumpsall, Droylesden, Fails-worth, Great Heaton, Little Heaton, Moston, Prestwich, and Royton, and so much of the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne.

SOUTH-WEST LANCASHIRE.

Seven Members. — Seven Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 17 — THE SOUTHPORT DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Southport, the Municipal Borough of Southport,

and the Parishes of — Great Crosby, Ince Blundell, Little Crosby, and Thornton.

No. 18 — THE ORMSKIRK DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Ormskirk, and the Parishes of — Aintree, Dalton, Kirkby, Litherland, Lunt, Netherton, Orrell and Ford, Sefton, and Upholland,

and, in the Prescot Sessional Division, of — Croxteth Park, Knowsley, and Prescot.

No. 19 — THE BOOTLE DIVISION.

The Municipal Boroughs of Liverpool and Bootle cum Linacre, and the Parishes of — Childwall, Fazakerley, Walton-on-the-Hill, and Wavertree, and so much of the Parishes of West Derby and Toxteth Park as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Liverpool.

No. 20 — THE WIDNES DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of —

Prescot (except the Parish of Rainhill and so much as is comprised in Division No. 18 and Division No. 21 as herein described), and the Parishes of — Allerton, Garston, Hale, Halewood, Little Woolton, Much Woolton, and Speke.

No. 21 — THE NEWTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

St. Helens, and Warrington,

the Municipal Borough of St. Helens, and so much of the Municipal Borough of Warrington as is situate in the county of Lancaster, and the Parishes of — Ashton in Makerfield, Billinge Chapel End, Billinge Higher End, Rainhill, and Winstanley, and so much of the Parish of Eccleston as is comprised in the Sessional Division of Prescot.

Ch. 23.

181

885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

No. 22. — THE INCE DIVISION.

The Municipal Borough of Wigan, and the Parishes of — Abram, Haigh, Hind ley, Ince in Makerfield, Orrell, and Pemberton.

No. 23. — THE LEIGH DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Leigh.

COUNTY OF LEICESTER.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE EASTERN OR MELTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Belvoir, East Norton (except so much as is comprised in

Division No. 4, as herein described), and Melton Mowbray,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Leicester of — Barkby, Barkby Thorpe, Beeby, Belgrave, Birstall, Bushby, Evington, Great Stretton, Houghton-on-the-Hill, Humberstone, Hungarton, Keyham, Little Stretton, North Thurmaston, Queeniborough, Ratcliffe-on-the-Wreak, Rearsby, Scraptoft, South Croxton, South Thurmaston, Stoughton, Syston, Thurnby, and Wanlip,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Loughborough, of — Cossington, Seagrave, and Sileby.

No. 2. — THE MID OR LOUGHBOROUGH DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of —

Loughborough (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described),

and the Parishes, in the Sessional Division of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, of — Bardon, Breedon, Osgathorpe, Thringstone, and Whitwick,

and in the Sessional Division of Leicester, of — Ansty, Ansty Pastures, Beaumont Leys, Cropston, Gilroes, Leicester Abbey, Leicester Frith, Markfield, Newtown Linford, Ratby, and Thurcaston.

No. 3. — THE WESTERN OR BOSWORTH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Ashby-de-la-Zouch (except so much as is Market Bosworth.

comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described), and

No. 4. — THE SOUTHERN OR HARBOROUGH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Lutterworth, and Market Harborough,

and so much of the Sessional Division of Leicester as is not comprised in Divisions No. 1 and No. 2 as horein described, and the Parishes, in the Sessional Division of East Norton, of — Blaston, Bringhurst, Cranoe, Drayton, Glooston, Great Easton, Hallaton, Horninghold, Nevill Holt, Stockerston, and Stoke Dry with Holy Oaks, and the Municipal Borough of Leicester.

COUNTY OF LINCOLN.

Seven Members. — Seven Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WEST LINDSEY OR GAINSBOROUGH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions in the parts of Lindsey of —

Epworth, Gainsborough, and Lincoln,

the Municipal Borough of Lincoln, and the Parish of Bracebridge.

182

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

No. 2. — THE NORTH LINDSEY OR BRIGG DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions in the parts of Lindsey of —

Barton-on-Humber, Grimsby (except so much Brigg, as is comprised in

Division No. 3 as herein described), and and the Municipal Borough of Great Grimsby.

Winterton,

No. 3. — THE EAST LINDSEY OR LOUTH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions in the parts of Lindsey of —

Louth, Market Rasen, and Wragby.

the Municipal Borough of Louth, and the Parishes —

in the Sessional Division of Alford of —

East Theddlethorpe (St. Helens), Gayton-le-Marsh, Mablethorpe, South Reston, and West Theddlethorpe (All Saints), in the Sessional Division of Grimsby of —

Fulstow, Grainsby, Hawerby-cum-Beesby, Holton-le-Clay, Humberstone, Marshchapel, North Cotes, North Thoresby, Swinhope, Tetney Waith, and Wold Newton, and in the Sessional Division of Horncastle of —

Asterby, Baumber, Belchford, Bucknall, Cawkwell, Gautby, Goul-ceby, Great Sturton, Hemingby, Horsing ton, Market Stainton, Minting, Ranby, Scamblesby, Stenigot, Stixwoud, Waddingworth, and Wispington.

No. 4. — THE SOUTH LINDSEY OR HORNCASTLE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions in the parts of Lindsey of —

Alford (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described),

Horncastle (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described), and Spilsby.

No. 5. — THE NORTH KESTEVEN OR SLEAFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions in the parts of Kesteven of —

Lincoln (except the Parish of Bracebridge), and Sleaford,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division (in the parts of Holland) of Kirton and Skirbeck of — Amber Hill, Bicker, Brothertoft, Donington, Copping Syke, Drainage Marsh, Ferry Corner Plot, Gibbet Hills, Great Beats, Little Beats, Great Brand End Plot, Little Brand End Plot, Hart's Grounds, Mown Rakes, North Fortyfoot Bank, Pelham's Lands, Royalty Farm> Seven Acres, South of the Witham, and Swineshead.

No. 6. — THE SOUTH KESTEVEN OR STAMFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions in the parts of Kesteven of —

Bourn, and Spittlegate,

the Municipal Borough of Grantham, and so much of the Municipal Borough of Stamford as is situate in the County of Lincoln, and in the Sessional Division (in the parts of Holland) of Elloe the Parish of Crowland.

No. 7. — THE HOLLAND OR SPALDING DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions in the parts of Holland of —

Elloe (except the Parish of Crowland), and

Kirton and Skirbeck (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Boston.

1885.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

183

COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX.

Seven Members. — Seven Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE ENFIELD DIVISION.

The Parishes of — Edmonton, Enfield, Fryem Barnet, Monken Hadley, and South Minims.

No. 2. — -THE TOTTENHAM DIVISION.

The Parish of Tottenham, and the area included in the Parliamentary Boroughs of Bethnal Green, Hackney, Shoreditch, and Tower Hamlets.

No. 3. — THE HORNSEY DIVISION.

The Parishes of — Finchley and Hornsey (including South Hornsey), and the area included in the Parliamentary Boroughs of City of London, Finsbury, and Islington.

No. 4. — THE HARROW DIVISION.

The Parishes of Edgware, Great Stanmore, Harrow-on-the-Hill, Hendon, Kingsbury, Little Stanmore, Pinner, Twyford Abbey, and Willesden, and the area included in the Parliamentary Boroughs of Hampstead, Marylebone, Pad* dington, and St. Pancras.

No. 5. — THE EALING DIVISION.

The Parishes of Acton, Chiswick, Ealing (except so much as is included in the Brentford Local Government District), Greenford, and Perivale, and the detached part of the parish of Hanwell, which is situate between Ealing and Twyford,

and the area included in the Parliamentary Boroughs of Chelsea, Fulham, Hammersmith, Kensington, St. George Hanover Square, Strand, and Westminster.

No. 6. — THE BRENTFORD DIVISION.

The Local Government District of Brentford, and the Parishes of Hanwell (except the detached part included in No. 5 Division as herein described), Heston, Isleworth, Norwood, and Twickenham.

No. 7. — THE UXBRIDGE DIVISION.

The Parishes of Ashford, Cowley, Cranford, East Bedfont, Feltham, Hampton, jHamp-ton Wick, Hanworth, Harefield, Harlington, Harmondsworth, Hayes, Hillingdon, Ickenhara, Laleham, Littleton, Northolt, Ruislip, Shepperton, Staines, Stanwell, Sunbury, Teddington, Uxbridge, and West Drayton.

COUNTY OF MONMOUTH.

Three Members. — Three Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of

Abergavenny, Pontypool, and Skenfrith.

No. 2. — THE WESTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Bedwellty (except the Parishes of Bedwas and Mynyddislwyn).

184

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

No. 3. — THE SOUTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Caerleon, Monmouth,

Chepstow, Newport,

Christchurch, Raglan,

the Municipal Boroughs of Monmouth and Newport, and the Parishes of — Bedwas and Mynyddislwyn.

Trellecb, and

Usk,

COUNTY OF NORFOLK.

Six Members. — Six Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH-WESTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Freebridge Lynn, Gallow, and

Freebridge Marshland, Smithdon and Brothercross,

and the Municipal Borough of King's Lynn.

No. 2. — THE SOUTH-WESTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Clackclose, South Greenhoe, and

Grimshoe, % Wayland,

and so much of the Municipal Borough of Thetford as is situate in the County of Norfolk.

No. 3. — THE NORTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of — Eynsford,

Holt,

North Erpingham,

North Greenhoe, and

South Erpingham (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described).

No. 4. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Blofield and Walsham, 1 Taverham, and

East and West Flegg, | Tunstead and Happing,

so much of the Municipal Borough of Great Yarmouth as is situate in the County of Norfolk,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of South Erpingham of — Belaugh, Coltishall, Great Hautbois, Lammas with Little Hauthois, Scottow, and Swanton-Abbot.

No. 5. — THE MID DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Forehoe, Mitford and Launditch.

Guiltcross and Shropham, and

No. 6. — THE SOUTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Depwade, I Earsham, I Swainsthorpe.

Diss, | Loddon and Clavering, and

1885.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

185

COUNTY OF NORTHAMPTON.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Kettering (except so much as is comprised Oundle, and

in Divisions No. 2 and No. 3 as herein Thrapstone,

described), the Liberty of the Soke of Peterborough,

and so much of the Municipal Borough of Stamford as is included in the County of Northampton.

No. 2. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Wellingborough, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Kettering of — Broughton, Cransley, Kettering, and Pytchley.

No. 3. — THE MID DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Little Bowden, and Northampton,

the Parishes —

in the Sessional Division of Kettering of —

Draughton, Faxton, Glendon, Harrington, Loddington, Mawsley, Orton, Rothwell, and Thorpe Malzor* and in the Sessional Division of Daventry of —

Ashby St. Ledgers, Barby, Claycoton, Crick, Elkington, Kilsby, Lilbourne, Long Buckley, Stanford, Watford, WestHaddon, Win-wick, and Yelvertoft, and the Municipal Borough of Northampton.

So. 4. — THE SOUTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Brackley, Daventry (except so much as is Towcester

comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described), and

COUNTY OF NORTHUMBERLAND. Four Members. — Four Divisions. Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WANSBECK DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of — Bedlingtonshire,

Castle East (except the Parish of Morpeth, Wallsend), and and the Parishes —

in the Sessional Division of Castle West of — Berwick Hill, Brenkley, Callerton High, Caller ton Little, Coldcoats, Cramlington, Dalton, Darras Hall, Dinnington, East Heddon, Eachwick, Heddon-on-the-Wall, Higham Dykes, Horton Grange, Houghton and Close House, Kirkley, Mason, Milburn, Milburn Grange, North Dissington, Ponteland, Prestwick, Rudchester, South Dissington, Stannington, West Heddon, Whitchester, and Wylam, and in the Sessional Division of Coquetdale East of — Acklington, Acklington Park, Amble, Gloster Hill, Haux(ey, Morwich, Togstone, and Warkworth.

186

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

48 & 49 Vict.

No. 2. — THE TYNESIDE DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Castle West (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described), the Municipal Boroughs of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and Tynemouth, and the Parish of Wallsend.

No. 3. — THE HEXHAM DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bellingham, Haltwhistle, and

Coquetdale, West, Tynedale.

No. 4. — THE BERWICK-UPON-TWEED DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bamburgh, Coquetdale, North,

Coquetdale, East (except so much as Glendale, and

is comprised in Division No. 1 as Norhamshire and Islandshire.

herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

COUNTY OF NOTTINGHAM.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE BASSETLAW DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Retford and Worksop,

the Municipal Borough of East Retford,

the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Mansfield of — Clipstone, Sookholme, and War sop, and in the Sessional Division of Southwell of — Bilsthorpe and Eakring.

No. 2. — THE NEWARK DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bingham Southwell (except so much as is comprised in Division

Newark, and No. 1 as herein described),

the Municipal Borough of Newark, 0

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Nottingham of — Bulcote, Calverton, Caythorpe, Epperstone, Gonalstone, Gunlhorpe, Lowdham, and Oxton.

No. 3. — THE RUSHCLIFFE DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Nottingham (except so much as is comprised in Divisions No. 2 and No. 4 as herein described).

No. 4. — THE MANSFIELD DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Mansfield (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described),

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Nottingham of — Annesley, Eastwood, Felley, and Greasley.

COUNTY OF OXFORD.

Three Members. — Three Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR BANBURY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Banbury and Bloxham, Chadlington, and Wootton North,

and the Municipal Borough of Banbury.

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23. 187

No. 2. — THE MID OR WOODSTOCK DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bampton East, Ploughley, and

Bampton West, Wootton South,

so much of the Municipal Borough of Oxford as is included in the County of Oxford, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Bullingdon of — Beck ley, Cutslow, Elsfield, Foresthill, with Shotover and Shotover Hill Place, Hampton Gay, Hampton Poyle, Horton cum Stndley, Noke, Stanton St. John, Stowood, Studley, and Woodeaton, and so much of the Parishes of Headington, Marslon, St. Clements, St. Giles, and Woolvercott as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Oxford,

and so much of the Parishes of Cowley and Iffley as is included in the Parliamentary Borough of Oxford and not in the Municipal Borough.

No. 3. — THE SOUTHERN OR HENLEY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Henley, Bullingdon (except so much as is comprised in

Watlington, and Division No. 2 as herein described),

the Municipal Borough of Henley-on-Thames,

and so much of the Municipal Borough of Abingdon as is included in the County of Oxford.

COUNTY OF RUTLAND. One Member. COUNTY OF SALOP. Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents or Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WESTERN OR OSWESTRY DIVISION. The Sessional Divisions of —

Chirbury,

Condover,

Ford,

the Municipal Borough of Oswestry, and (in the Sessional Division of Albrighton) the Parish of Fitz.

Oswestry, and

Pimhill (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described),

No. 2. — THE NORTHERN OR NEWPORT DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Albrighton (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described),

Bradford Drayton,

Bradford Newport (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described),

Bradford Wem,

Bradford Whitchurch, and Brinstree Shiffnall,

the Municipal Borough of Shrewsbury, the Parish, in the Sessional Division of Pimhill of — Middle,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Bradford Wellington of — Atcham, Ercall Magna, Longdon-upon-Tern, Rodington, Upton Magna, Waters Upton, and Withington.

No. 3. — THE MID OR WELLINGTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Bradford Wellington (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described), the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Bradford Newport of — Lilleshall, and Preston* on the*Weald Moors,

and the Parishes in the Municipal Borough of Wenlock of — Benthall, Broseley, Little Wenlock, and Madeley.

188

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

No. 4. — THE SOUTHERN OR LUDLOW DIVISION. The Sessional Divisions of —

Bishop's Castle, Brinstree, South, and Stottesden Chelmarsh, Burford,

Clun and Purslow, Munslow, Lower, and part of Overs and Stottesden,

Munslow, Upper, and

Stottesden Cleo-bury,

and the Municipal Boroughs of Bridgnorth, Ludlow, and Wenlock (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described).

COUNTY OF SOMERSET.

Seven Members. — Seven Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Keynsham, Long Ashton, and Temple Cloud,

and the Parish, in the Sessional Division of Wells, of — Binegar,

and in the Sessional Division of Kilmersdon of — Chiloompton and Midsomer-Norton.

No. 2. — THE WELLS DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of — ,

Axbridge and Wells (except so much as is comprised in

Divisions No. 1 and No. 4 as herein

described),

and the Municipal Borough of Wells.

No. 3. — THE FROME DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Frome, Kilmersdon (except so much as is Weston, *

comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Bath,

and the Parishes, in the Sessional Division of Shepton Mallet, of — Ash wick, Batcombe, Downhead, East Cranmore, Stoke Lane, Upton Noble, and West Cranmore.

No. 4. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Shepton Mallet (except so much as is Somerton, and

comprised in Division No. 3 as herein Wincanton,

described),

and the Parishes, in the Sessional Division of Wells, of — Glastonbury, North Wootton, and West Pennard.

No. 5. — THE SOUTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Crewkerne, Jlminster (except so much as is Yeovil,

comprised in Division No. 6 as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Yeovil.

No. 6. — THE BRIDGWATER DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bridgwater, and Taunton (except so much as is comprised in

Division No. 7 as herein described),

and the Municipal Borough of Bridgwater,

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23. 189

and the Parishes, in the Sessional Division of Ilminster, of —

Ashill, Beer-Crocombe, Broadway, Buckland St. Mary, Combe St. Nicholas, Curry-Mallet, Donyatt, Fivehead, Hatch-Beauchamp, Ilminster, Ilton, Isle Abbots, Isle Brewers, South Bradon, and Whitestaunton.

No. 7. — THE WESTERN OR WELLINGTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bishop's Lydeard, I Dunster, I Williton, and

Dulverton, | Wellington, | Wiveliscomb,

and the Parishes, in the Sessional Division of Taunton, of — Angersleigh, Bishop's Hull, Kingston (near Taunton), Norton-Fitzwarren, Oake, Otterford, Pitminster, Staplegrove, Taunton St. James, Taunton St. Mary, Trull, and Wilton.

COUNTY OF STAFFORD.

Seven Members. — Seven Divisions.

Naves and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE LEEK DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Cheadle, and Leek,

and the Parishes, in the Sessional Division of Uttoxeter, of — Calwich, Croxden, Ellastone, Mayfield, Okeover, Prestwood, Ramshom, Rocester, Stanton, and Wootton.

No. 2. — THE BURTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Burton-upon-Trent, and Uttoxeter (except so much as is comprised

in Division No. 1 as herein described).

No. 3. — THE WESTERN DIVISION.

The-Sessional Divisions of —

Penkridge (except so much as is Stafford, including the whole of the comprised in Division No. 5 Parish of Gnosall, and

as herein described), Stone,

and the Municipal Borough of Stafford.

No. 4. — THE NORTH-WESTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Eccleshall (except any part of the Pirehill North,

Parish of Gnosall) and and the Municipal Boroughs of Hanley, Longton, and Newcastle-under-Lyme.

No. 5. — THE LICHFIELD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Elford, Rugeley, and Shenstone,

the Municipal Borough of Lichfield, and so much of the Municipal Borough of Tamworth as is included in the County of Stafford, and the Parishes, in the Sessional Division of Penkridge, of — Great Wyrley, and Norton Canes.

No. 6. — THE KINGSWINFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bilston, I Rowley Regis, I Willenhall, and

Kingswinford and Wordsley, | Sedgley, | Wolverhampton,

and the Municipal Borough of Wolverhampton.

c Le

190

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

No. 7. — THE HANDSWORTH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Rushall, Wednesbury, and

Tipton, West Bromwich,

and the Municipal Borough of Walsall.

COUNTY OF SUFFOLK.

Five Members. — Five Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR LOWESTOFT DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Beccles, Bungay, and Mutford and Lothingland,

so much of the Municipal Borough of Great Yarmouth as is included in the County of Suffolk,

the Municipal Borough of Southwold,

and the Parishes, in the Sessional Division of Blytking, of — Benacre, Blyford, Brampton, Chediston, Covehithe, Easton Bavents, Frostenden, Halesworth, Henham, Henstead, Holton, Reydon, Rumburgh, Sotherton, South Cove, Spexhall, Stoven, Uggeshall, Wangford, Westhall, Wissett, and Wrentham.

No. 2. — THE NORTH-EASTERN OR EYE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Blything (except so much as is com- Framlingham, prised in Division No. 1 as herein Hartismere, and

described), Hoxne,

and the Municipal Borough of Eye.

No. 3. — THE NORTH-WESTERN OR STOWMARKET DIVISION. The Sessional Divisions of —

Blackbourn,

Lackford,

Newmarket (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described),

and the Municipal Borough of Bury St. Edmunds, and so much of the Municipal Borough of Thetford as is included in the County of Suffolk.

Stowmarket, and

Thingoe and Thedwestry (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described),

No. 4. — THE SOUTH OR SUDBURY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of — '

Boxford, Melford, and

Hadleigh or Cosford, Risbridge,

so much of the Municipal Borough of Sudbury as is included in the County of Suffolk, the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Newmarket of — Cowlinge, Lidgate, and Ousden, and, in the Sessional Division of Thingoe and Thedwestry, of — Brockley, Chedburgh, Chevington, Depden, Hargrave, Rede, Whepstead, and Wickhambrook.

No. 5. — THE SOUTH-EASTERN OR WOODBRIDGE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bosmere and Claydon, Samford, and Woodbridge,

the Municipal Borough of Ipswich, and the corporate town of Aldeburgh.

1885.

Ch. 23.

191

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

COUNTY OF SURREY.

Six Members. — Six Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH-WESTERN OR CHERTSEY DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Chertsey, so much of the Sessional Division of Guildford as is included in the Hundred of Woking but is not included in the Parish of Stoke-next-Guildford, and (in the Sessional Division of Farnham) the Parish of Frimley.

No. 2. — THE SOUTH-WESTERN OR GUILDFORD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Farnham (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein

described), and

Guildford (except so much as is comprised in Division No. I as herein

described),

and the Municipal Boroughs of Godalming and Guildford.

No. 3. — THE SOUTH-EASTERN OR REIGATE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Dorking (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described),

Godstone (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 6 as herein described), and Reigate,

and the Municipal Borough of Reigate.

No. 4. — THE MID OR EPSOM DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Epsom, and Kingston (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described), and the Parishes, in the Sessional Division of Dorking, of — Effingham and Mickleham.

No. 5. — THE KINGSTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Richmond, the Municipal Borough of Kingston-upon-Thames,

and the Parish of Ham and Hatch:and so much of the Parish of Kingston as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Kingston-upon-Thames.

No. 6. — THE NORTH-EASTERN OR WIMBLEDON DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Croydon (except so much as is within a District of the Metropolis),

the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Godstone of — Caterham, Chelsham, Farley, and Warlingham,

the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Wandsworth of — Merton and Wimbledon, and so much as is included in the County of Surrey of the area of the Parliamentary Borough of Deptford, and the area of the Parliamentary Boroughs of — Battersea and Clapham, Camberwell, Lambeth, Newington, Southwark, and Wandsworth.

COUNTY OF SUSSEX.

Six Members. — Six Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTH-WESTERN OR HORSHAM DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Horsham, Midhurst, and Petworth,

and (in the Sessional Division of Cuckfield) the Parish of Crawley.

192

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

No. 2. — THE SOUTH-WESTERN OR CHICHESTER DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Arundel, and Chichester,

the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Steyning of — Ashington, Findon, Storrington, Sullington, Thakeham, Warminghurst, Washington, and Wiston. and the Municipal Borough of Chichester.

No. 3. — THE NORTHERN OR EAST GRINSTEAD DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Cuckfield (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described),

East Grinstead, and

Uckfield (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described).

No. 4. — THE MID OR LEWES DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Hove,

Lewes (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described),

Steyning (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described), and Worthing, and the Municipal Borough of Brighton.

No. o. — THE SOUTHERN OR EASTBOURNE DI VISION.

The Sessional Division of Hailsham.

The Corporate Towns of Pevensey and Seaford, the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Lewes of — Alciston, Beddingham, Berwick, Bishopstone, Chalvington, Denton, East Blatchington, Glynde, New-haven, Ringmer, Ripe, Selmeston, South Heighten, Tarring Neville, and West Firle,

and in the Sessional Division of Uckfield of — East Hoathley, and Waldron.

No. 6. — THE EASTERN OR RYE DIVISION. '

The Sessional Divisions of —

Battle, I Frant, I Rye,

Burwash, | Hastings, and the Municipal Boroughs of Hastings and Rye, the Ancient Town of Winchelsea,

and the Liberty of the Sluice and Petit Iham (non-corporate members of Hastings).

COUNTY OF WARWICK.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR TAMWORTH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Atherstone (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described),

Birmingham,

Coleshill (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described), and Solihull,

the Municipal Borough of Birmingham, and so much of the Municipal Borough of Tamworth as is included in the County of Warwick.

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23. 193

No. 2. — THE NORTH-EASTERN OR NUNEATON DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Coventry, the Municipal Borough of Coventry,

the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Atherstone of — Ansley, Atherstone, Baddesley Ensor, Baxterley, Bentley, Caldecote, Chilvers-Coton, Hartshill, Man-cetter, Nuneaton, Oldbury, Weddington, and so much of the Parish of Mere vale as is included in the County of Warwick, and in the Sessional Division of Coleshill of — Arley, Fillongley, Great Packington, Kinwalsey, Little Packington, and Meriden.

No. 3. — THE SOUTH-WESTERN OR STRATFORD-ON-AVON DIVISION. The Sessional Divisions of —

Alcester, I Henley,

Brailes, Stratford and Snit-

terfield, and

so much of the Sessional Division of Kenilworth as is included in the Parliamentary Borough of Warwick and Leamington, and the Municipal Boroughs of — Leamington, Stratford-on-Avon, and Warwick.

Warwick (including the whole of Bishops - Tachbrook parish), and

No. 4. — THE SOUTH-EASTERN OR RUGBY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Burton Dassett and Kington, I Rugby, and

Kenilworth (except so much as is comprised I Southam.

in Division No. 3 as herein described),

COUNTY OF WESTMORELAND.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR APPLEBY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Ambleside, I East Ward, and

West Ward.

No. 2. — THE SOUTHERN OR KENDAL DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Kendal, and | Lonsdale,

and the Municipal Borough of Kendal.

COUNTY OF WILTS.

Five Members. — Five Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE NORTHERN OR CRICKLADE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Cricklade, and Swindon.

No. 2. — THE NORTH-WESTERN OR CHIPPENHAM DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Caine, Chippenham, and Malmesbury.

194

Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

No. 3. — THE WESTERN OR WESTBURY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of — Bradford, Melksham, Trowbridge and Westbury,

Warminster (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described), and Whorwelsdown.

No. 4. — THE EASTERN OR DEVIZES DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Devizes, Marlborough and Ramsbury,

Everley and Pewsoy (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 5 as herein described), and the Municipal Boroughs of Devizes and Marlborough.

No. 5. — THE SOUTHERN OR WILTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Hindon, and Salisbury and Aroesbury,

the Municipal Borough of Salisbury,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Everley and Pewsey of — Figheldean and Milston,

and in the Sessional Division of Warminster of — Fisherton-de-la-Mere, and Wily.

COUNTY OF WORCESTER.

Five Members. — Five Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE WESTERN OR BEWDLEY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Hundred House,

Malvern (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described),

and the Municipal Boroughs of Bewdley and

Stourport (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described), Tenbury, and

Worcester.

Worcester,

No. 2-THE SOUTHERN OR EVESHAM DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Blockley, Pershore, and

E vesham, U pton-on-Se vein,

the Municipal Borough of Evesham,

the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Redditch of — Feckenham and Inkberrow, and the Parish in the Sessional Division of Malvern of — Little Malvern.

No. 3. — THE MID OR DROITWICH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Droitwich, Stourbridge (except so much as is comprised

Kidderminster, and in Division No. 4 as herein described),

the Municipal Boroughs of Droitwich and Kidderminster,

the Parishes in the (Sessional Division of Stourport of — Lower Mitton with Stourport, and Upper Mitton,

and in the Sessional Division of Redditch of — Bentley Pauncefoot, and Webheath,

and in the Sessional Division of Bromsgrove of — Grafton Manor, Stoke Prior, and Upton Warren.

1885.

Ch. 23.

195

Redistribution of Seats 1885.

No, 4. — THE NORTHERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Halesowen, and Oldbury,

the Municipal Borough of Dudley, the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Stourbridge of — Cradley, Lutley, and Lye, and the Parish in the Sessional Division of Northfield of — Northfield.

No. 5. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bromsgrove (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described),

Northfield (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described), and

Redditch (except so much as is comprised in Divisions No. 2 and No. 3 as herein described).

COUNTY OF YORK.

Twenty-six Members. — Twenty-six Divisions.

NORTH RIDING.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE THIRSK AND MALTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Birdforth,

East Bulmer (except so much as is added to the Municipal Borough of York by the York Extension and Improvement Act, 1884),

Hallikeld, Malton, and West Bulmer,

The wapentake of the Ainsty of York (except so much as is included in the Municipal Borough of York as extended by the York Extension and Improvement Act, 1884), And the Municipal Borough of York, inclusive of the places added to that Borough by the York Extension and Improvement Act, 1884. (47 & 48 Vict. c. ccxxxii.)

No. 2__THE RICHMOND DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Allertonshire, I East Hang, | West Gilling, and

East Gilling, | Greta Bridge, | West Hang,

and the Municipal Borough of Richmond.

No. 3. — THE CLEVELAND DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

East Langbaurgh (except so much as North Langbaurgh,

is comprised in Division No. 4 as West Langbaurgh, and

herein described), Yarm,

and the Municipal Borough of Middlesborough.

No. 4 — THE WHITBY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

East Pickering Lythe, I West Pickering Lythe, and.

Ryedale, | Whitby Strand,

the Municipal Borough of Scarborough, and the Parishes of Danby and Easington.

196

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats , 1885. 48 & 49 Tier.

EAST BIDING.

Three Members. — Three Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 5. — THE HOLDERNESS DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Middle Holderness, I North Hunsley Beacon, and

North Holderness, | South Holderness,

and the Municipal Boroughs of Beverley and Kingston-upon-Hull.

No. 6. — THE BUCKROSE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Bainton Beacon, Buckrose, and Dickering.

No. 7. — THE HOWDENSHIRE DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Holme Beacon, ! South Hunsley Beacon, and

Howdenshire, | Wilton Beacon.

Ouse and Derwent, (except so much as is included in the Municipal Borough of York by virtue of the York Extension and Improvement Act, 1884).

WEST RIDING.

Nineteen Members. — Nineteen Divisions.

Northern Part.

Five Members. — Five Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 8. — THE SKIPTON DIVISION.

The Wapentake of Staincliffe and Ewecross (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 9 as herein described).

No. 9. — THE KEIGHLEY DIVISION.

The Parishes in the Wapentake of Staincliffe and Ewecross of — Cowling, Glusburn, Keighley, Steeton with Eastburn, and Sutton, and the Parishes of — Haworth, Thornton, and Wilsden.

No. 10. — THE SHIPLEY DIVISION.

The Municipal Borough of Bradford, and the Parishes of — Clayton, EccleshUl, Idle, North Bierley, and Shipley.

No. 11. — THE SOWERBY DIVISION.

The Parishes of — Barkisland, Erringden, Heptonstall, Langfield, Midgley, Norland, Rishworth, Sowerby, Soyland, Stansfield, Wadsworth, and Warley, and so much of the Parish of Skircoat as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Halifax.

No. 12. — THE ELLAND DIVISION.

The Municipal Borough of Halifax, the Parishes of — Elland with Greetland, Fixby, Hipperholme with Brighouse, Rastrick, Shelf, and Stainland with Old Lindley, and so much of the Parishes of Northowram, Ovenden, and Southowram, as is not included in the Municipal Borough of Halifax.

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23. 197

Southern Part.

Eight Members. — Eight Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 13. — THE MORLEY DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Dewsbury (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 26 as herein described), the Municipal Boroughs of Batley and Dewsbury,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Lower Agbrigg of — East Ardsley, Loft-house with Carlton, Middleton, Thorpe, and West Ardsley.

No. 14. — THE NORMANTON DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Lower Agbrigg (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 13 as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Wakefield.

No. 15. — THE COLNE VALLEY DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Saddleworth, and Upper Agbrigg (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 16 as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Huddersfield.

No. 16. — THE HOLMFIRTH DIVISION.

The Parishes in the Sessional Division of Upper Agbrigg of — Austonley, Cartworth, Farnley Tyas, Fulstone, Hepworth, Holme) Kirkburton, Kirkheaton, Lepton, Nether Thong, Shelley, Shepley, Skelmanthorpe, Thurstonland, Upper Thong, Upper Whitley, Wooldale, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Staincross of — Cawthorne, Cumberworth, Denby, Dodworth, Gunthwaite, High Hoyland, Hoyland Swaine, Hun-shelf, Ingberchworth, Langsett, Oxspring, Peniston, Silkstone, Stain-borough, Thurgoland, Thurlstone, West Clayton, and Worsborough.

No. 17. — THE BARNSLEY DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Staincross (except so much as is comprised in Divisions No. 16 and No. 18 as herein described), and the Parish of Hemsworth.

No. 18. — THE HALLAMSHIRE DIVISION.

The Municipal Borough of Sheffield, the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Upper Strafforth and Tickhill of — Bradfield, Brampton Bierlow, Ecclesfield, Handsworth, Wath-upon-Dearne, and Wentworth,

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Staincross of — Nether Hoyland, Tan-kersley, and Wortley.

No. 19 — THE ROTHERHAM DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Upper Strafforth and Tickhill (except so much as is comprised in Divisions No. 18 and No. 20 as herein described), and the Municipal Borough of Rotherham.

No. 20 — THE DONCASTER DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Lower Strafforth and Tickhill (except the Parishes (being in the wapentake of Osgoldcross) of — Askern, Burgh Wallis, Campsall, Fenwick, Kirk Bramwith, Moss, Norton, Owston, Skellow, and Sutton,) the Municipal Borough of Doncaster,

A

198 Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Upper Strafforth and Tickhill of — Anston-cum-Membris, Dinnington, Firbeck, Gildingwells, Harthill with Wood-hall, Hooton Levitt, Laughton-en-le-Morthern, Letwell, M&ltby, Thorpe Salvin, Throapham St. John, Todwick, Wales, and Woodsetts.

Eastern Part.

Six Members. — Six Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 21. — THE RIPON DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Claro, and Kirk by Malzeard,

the Liberty of Ripon, and the Municipal Borough of Ripon.

No. 22. — THE OTLEY DIVISION.

The Sessional Division of Otley, and the Parishes of — Beamsley in Addingham, Beamsley in Skipton, Bingley and Micklethwaite, Hazlcwood with Storris, Morton, and Nesfield with Langbar.

No. 23. — THE BARKSTON ASH DIVISION.

The Sessional Divisions of —

Lower Barkston Ash,

Skyrack (except so much as is comprised in Divisions No. 24 and No. 25 as herein described),

Upper Barkston Ash (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 24 as herein described), and Wetherby (except the Parishes (which are in the Wapentake of the Ainsty of York) of Tockwith, Bickerton, Thorpe Arch, Bilton, and Walton),

and the Parishes of — Grimston, Kirkby Wharf with North Milford, Newton Kyme with Toulston, Stutton with Hazlewood, Tadcaster West, Towton, and Ulle-shelf.

No. 24. — THE OSGOLDCROSS DIVISION.

The Municipal Borough of Pontefract, the wapentake of Osgoldcross,

the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Upper Barkston Ash of — Brotherton, Fairborn, Ledsham, and Ledstone, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Skyrack of — Allerton Bywater, and Kippax.

No. 25. — THE PUDSEY DIVISION.

The Municipal Borough of Leeds, the Parishes of Drighlington, Hunsworth, and Tong,

so much of the Parishes of Calverley with Farsley and Pudsey, as is not included in the municipal borough of Bradford, and the Parishes in the Sessional Division of Skyrack of — Churwell, Gildersome, Hors-forth, and Rawden.

No. 26 — THE SPEN VALLEY DIVISION.

The Parishes in the Sessional Division of Dewsbury of — Gomersal, Heckmondwike, and Liversedge,

and the Parishes of — Cleckheaton, Clifton, Hartshead, and Wike.

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23. 199

PART II. — SCOTLAND.

COUNTY OF FIFE.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Parishes of — Abdie, Abernethy, Anstruther Wester, Anstruther Easter, Arngosk, Auchtermuchty, Balmerino, Cameron, Carnbee, Ceres, Col lessie, Crail, Creich, Cults, Cupar, Dairsie, Dunbog, Dunino, Elie, Falkland, Ferry-Port-on-Craig, Flisk, Forgan, Kemback, Kennoway, Kettle, Kilccnquhar, Kilmany, Kil-renny, Kingsbarns, Largo, Leuchars, Logie, Monimail, Moonzie, Newburgh, Newburn, Pittenweem, St. Andrews, St. Leonards, St. Monance, Scoonie, and Strath miglo.

No. 2.-THE WESTERN DIVISION.

The Parishes of — Abbotshall, Aberdour, Auchterderran, Auchtertool, Ballingry, Beath, Burntisland, Carnock, Dalgetty, Dunfermline, Dysart, Inverkeithing, King-horn, Kinglassie, Kirkcaldy, Leslie, Markinch, Saline, Torryburn, and Wemyss.

COUNTY OF LANARK.

Six Members. — Six Divisions.

Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE GOV AN DIVISION.

So much of the Parish of Govan as lies south of the Clyde beyond the present boundary of the municipal burgh of Glasgow.

No. 2. — THE PARTICK DIVISION.

So much of the Parish of Govan as lies north of the Clyde and beyond the present boundary of the municipal burgh of Glasgow, and so much of the parish of Barony as lies to the west of the present main line of railway between Glasgow and Edinburgh of the North British Railway Company (being the old Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway) and beyond the present boundary of the municipal burgh of Glasgow.

No. 3. — THE NORTH-WESTERN DIVISION.

So much of the Parish of Barony as lies beyond the present boundary of the municipa.

burgh of Glasgow and to the east of the main line of railway before mentioned, and the parishes of Cadder and Old Monkland.

No. 4. — THE NORTH-EASTERN DIVISION.

The parishes of — New Monkland, Shotis, Dalziel, Bothwell, and so much of the parish of Hamilton as lies north and east of the River Clyde.

No. 5. — THE MID DIVISION.

The parishes of Rutherglen, Carmunnock, so much of the parish of Cathcart as adjoins the two last-mentioned parishes, Cambuslang, Blantyre, so much of the parish of Hamilton as lies south and west of the River Clyde, Dalserf and Cambnsnethftii.

200

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

No. 6. — THE SOUTHERN DIVISION.

The parishes of Biggar, Carluke, Carmichael, Carnwath, Carstairs, Covington and Thanker-ton, Crawford, Crawfordjohn, Culter, Dolphinton, Douglas, Dunsyre, Laming-ton and Wandel, Lanark, Lesmahagow, Liberton, Pettinain, Symington, Walston, Wiston and Roberton, Moffat, Avondale, Stonehouse, Glasford, and East Kilbride; so much of the parish of Cathcart as adjoins East Kilbride, and so much of the parish of Kirkpatrick juxta as may be in the county of Lanark.

COUNTY OF PERTH.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names, Contents, and Boundaries op Divisions.

No. 1. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Parishes of — Aberdalgie, Alyth, Abernyte, Auchtergaven, Arngask, Abernethy, Blairgowrie, Bendochy, Coupar-Angus, Cargill, Caputh (except the detached portions locally situated in Forfarshire), Collace, Clunie, Dunbamey, Dunning, the detached portion of the parish of Dunkeld and Dowally which contains the town of Dunkeld, Dron, Errol, Fowlis-Easter, Forteviot, Forgan-denny, Findogask, Inchture, so much of the parish of Kettins as is locally situate in Perthshire, Kinloch, Kinfauns, Kinclaven, Kinnaird, KinnoulL, Kilspindie, Lethendy, Longforgan (including so much of the parish of " Liff, Benvie, and Invergowrie " as is situate in Perthshire), Meigle, Methuen, Moneydie, Perth, Redgorton, Tibbermore, Rattray, Rhynd, Scone, St. Martins, and St. Madoes.

No. 2. — THE WESTERN DIVISION.

The parishes of — Aberfoyle, Ardoch, Auchterarder, Blair-Athole, Balquhidder, Blackford, Crieff, Comrie, Callander, Dunkeld and Dowally (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described), Dunblane, Dull, Fortingall, Fowlis Wester, Glendevon, Kenmore, Killin, Kilmadock, Kincardine, Kippen (except the detached part locally situate in Stirlingshire), Kirkmichael, Little Dunkeld, Logierait, Lecropt, Moulin, Madderty, Monzie, Monzievaird and Strowan, Muthill, Port of Menteith, Trinity Gask, and Weem.

COUNTY OF RENFREW.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names, Contents, and Boundaries of Divisions.

No. 1. — THE EASTERN DIVISION.

The Parish of Eastwood, so much of the parish of Govan as lies beyond the present boundary of the municipal burgh of Glasgow, and the parishes of Cathcart, Mearns, and Eaglesham.

No. 2. — THE WESTERN DIVISION.

The parishes of Inverkip, Greenock, Port Glasgow, Kilmalcolm, Erskine, Inchinnan, Houston, Kilbarchan, Lochwinnoch, Renfrew, Abbey, Neilston, Beith, and Dunlop.

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23. 201

Part III. — IRELAND.

COUNTY OF ANTRIM.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH ANTRIM.

The Baronies of —

Cary, Dunluce Lower, Dunluce Upper, and Kilconway.

No. 2. — MID ANTRIM.

The Baronies of —

Glenarm Lower, and Toome Lower.

So much of the Barony of Antrim Lower, as comprises the Parishes or parts of Parishes of — Ahoghill, Ballyclug, Glen whirry, Racavan, Skerry, and so much of the parish of Connor, as comprises the Townlands of — Appletee, Bailee, Bally cowan, Carnaghts, Crevilly Valley, Cromkill, Slaght, Tullaghgarley, and Tullynamullan, and so much of the Parish of Ahoghill, as is comprised in the Barony of Toome Upper.

No. 3. — EAST ANTRIM.

The Baronies of —

Belfast Lower, Glenarm Upper,

Antrim Lower (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described),

Antrim Upper (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4 as herein described),

so much of the Barony of Belfast Upper, as comprises the parts of the Parishes of — Ballymartin and Templepatrick (except the Townland of Ballyutoag); and the county of the Town of — Carrickfergus.

No. 4. — SOUTH ANTRIM.

The Baronies of —

Massereene Lower, Massereene Upper,

Toome Upper (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described), and Belfast Upper (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 3 as herein described),

so much of the Parliamentary Borough of Belfast as is situate in the County of Antrim, and in the Barony of Antrim Upper, so much of the Parish of Antrim as is situate in that Barony.

COUNTY OF ARMAGH.

Three Members. — Three Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions No. 1. — NORTH ARMAGH.

The Barony of Oneilland East, and so much of the Barony of Oneilland West, as comprises the Parishes or parts of the Parishes of — Clonfeacle, Drumcree, Killyman, Loughgall (except the Townlands of Turcarra and Drumnasoo), Newry, and Tartaraghan, and so much of the Parish of Kilmore as comprises the Townlands of — Annaboe, Annahugh, Ballintaggart, Ballyhagan, Ballytrue, Ballywilly, Bottlehill, Castleraw, Clonroot, Creenagh, Derryloughan, Drumard Primate, Kilmacanty, Kilmore, Kincon, Lissheffield, Lurgancot, Money, and Tullymore.

202 Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

No. 2. — MID ARMAGH.

The Baronies of —

Armagh, and Tiranny, ' so much of the Barony of Fews Lower, as comprises the Parishes or parts of Parishes of — Kildarton, Lisnadill (except the Townlands of Ballamacanab, Cashel, Foley, and Seagahan), and Mullaghbrack, and in the Parish of Kilclooney, the Townlands of Corhammock and Edenykennedy, the Barony of Oneilland West (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described),

so much of the Barony of Orior Lower, as comprises the Parish of Kilmore (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 ns herein described) and in the Parish of Ballymore, the Townlands of — Aughlish, Ballymore, Ballysheil Beg, Ballysheil More, Cargans, Clare, Cloghoge, Coolyhill, Derryallen, Drum-naleg, Druminure, Drumnoglontagh, Lisbane, Lisnakea, Mavemacullen, Monclone, Moodoge, Mullantur, Mullaghglass, Terryhoogan, Tullyhugh, and Tullymacann, and in the Barony of Fews Upper, the Townland of Lisnadill.

No. 3. — SOUTH ARMAGH.

The Barony of Fews Lower (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described),

The Barony of Fews Upper (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described).

The Barony of Orior Lower (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described), and the Barony of Orior Upper.

COUNTY OF CARLOW.

One Member.

COUNTY OF CAVAN.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — WEST CAVAN.

The Baronies of —

Clanmahon, Tullyhaw, and

Loughtee Lower, Tullyhunco,

so much of the Barony of Loughtee Upper, as comprises the parishes of — Annagelliff, Castleterm, Kilmore, and Urney, in the Barony of — Tullygarvey, the parish of Annagh, and so much of the Parish of Denn as comprises the Townland of Crumlin.

No. 2. — EAST CAVAN.

The Baronies of —

Castlerahan, Tullygarvey (except the Parish of Annagh),

Clankee, and

nd the Barony of Loughtee Upper (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described).

COUNTY OF CLARE.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. L — EAST CLARE.

The Baronies of —

Burren, Bunratty Lower, Tulla Upper, and

Bunratty Upper, Tulla Lower,

Ch. 23.

203

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

so much of the Barony of Inchiquin, as comprises the parishes of Dysert, Kilkeedy, Killinaboy, Kilnamona, Rath (except the Townlands of Carrowvere, Drinagh, Loughnagowan, Martry, Moanreel North and Moanreel South), and Rnan,

and so much of the Barony of Islands, as comprises the Parishes of — Clare Abbey, Clondagad (except the Townlands of Dehomad, Furroor, and Liscasey), Drumcliff, and Killone.

No. 2. — WEST CLARE.

The Baronies of —

Clonderalaw, Ibrickan, and

Corcomroe, Moyarta.

The Barony of Inchiquin (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described),

and the Barony of Islands (except so much as is comprised iu Division No. 1, as herein described).

COUNTY OF CORK.

Seven Members. — Seven Divisions. Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH CORK.

The Baronies of —

Duhallow and Orrery and Kilmore, and so much of the Barony of Fermoy, os comprise the Parishes or the parts of Parishes of — Ardskeagh, Ballyhay, Doneraile, and Imphrick, and the Townland of Ballylopen in the Parish of Kilquane.

No. 2. — NORTH-EAST CORK.

The Baronies of —

Condons and Clongibbon, and Kinnatalloon.

The Barony of Fermoy, (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described), and

So much of the Barony of Barrymore, as comprises the Parishes or the parts of Parishes of — Ardnageehy, Britway, Castlelyons, Coole, Dunbulloge, Gortroe, Kilshanahan, Knockmourne, Rathcormack, Templebodan, and Whitechurch, and so much of the Barony of Barretts as comprises the parish of Mourne Abbey.

No. 3. — MID CORK.

The Baronies of —

Barretts (except the Parish of Mourne Abbey), East Muskerry, and West Muskerry.

No. 4. — EAST CORK.

The Barony of Imokilly, and the Barony of Barrymore (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described).

No. 5. — WEST CORK.

The Baronies of —

Bantry, Bear, and We3t Carbery, West Division, and so much of the Barony of West Carbery, East Division, as comprises the Parishes of — Aghadown, Clear Island, Creagh (except the Townlands of Gortnaclohy and Smorane), and Tullagh.

No. 6. — SOUTH CORK.

The Barony of —

East Carbery, West Division,

204 Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seeds Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

The Barony of —

Ibane and Barryroe (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 7, as herein described),

so much of the Barony of East Carbery, East Division, as comprises the Parishes or the parts of Parishes of — Bally money, Desert, Desertserges, Island, Kilgariff, Kilnagross, and Templebryan, and so much of the Barony of West Carbeiy, East Division, as is not comprised in Division No. 5, as herein described.

No. 7. — SOUTH-EAST CORK.

The Baronies of —

Courceys, Kinalea, K insale,

Kerrycurrihy, Kinalmeaky, and the Barony of East Carbery, East Division (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 6, as herein described), and so much of the Barony of Ibane and Barryroe as comprises the Parishes or the parts of Parishes of — Abbeymahon, Desert, Donaghmore, Kilsillagh, Lislee, Templeomalus, Templequinlan, Timoleague, and in the Parish of Island the Townland of Ahidelake.

COUNTY OF DONEGAL.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH DONEGAL.

The Baronies of —

Inishowen East, and

Inishowen West (except the Parish of Burt), and so much of the Barony of Kilmacrenan, as comprises the Parishes of — Clandavaddog, Killygarvan, and Tullyfern, and so much of the Parish of Aughnish, as comprises the Townlands of — Drumherrive, Glenalla and Ray.

No. 2. — WEST DONEGAL.

The Barony of Boylagh, and so much of the Barony of Kilmacrenan, as comprises the Parishes of — Clondahorky, Gartan, Kilmacrenan, Mevagh, Raymunterdoney, and Tullaghobegly, and so much of the Parish of Conwail, as comprises the Townlands of — Ballybolauder, Boheolan, Cabra Brook, Cabra Glebe, Camatreantagh, Carrick, Carrickyscanlan, Cloncamey, Dromore, Drumcavany, Keeloges, Maghernagran, Pollans, Roshin, Stackarnagh, Temple Douglas, Tre an beg, and Tullanascreen.

No. 3. — EAST DONEGAL.

The Baronies of —

North Raphoe, and South Raphoe, so much of the Barony of Inishowen West, as comprises the Parish of Burt, and the Barony of Kilmacrenan (except so much as is comprised in Divisions No. 1 and No. 2, as herein described).

No. 4. — SOUTH DONEGAL.

The Baronies of —

Banagh, and Tirhugh.

COUNTY OF DOWN.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH DOWN.

The Baronies of —

Castlereagh Lower, Lower Ards, and Upper Ards,

1885. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23. 205

and so much of the Barony of Castlereagh Upper, as comprises the Parishes or parts of Parishes of — Comber and Knockbreda, and so much of the Parliamentary Borough of Belfast as is in the County of Down.

No. 2. — EAST DOWN.

The Baronies of —

Dufferin, Kinelarty, Lecale Lower, and Lecale Upper, and the Barony of Castlereagh Upper (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described).

No. 3. — WEST DOWN.

The Baronies of —

Lower Iveagh, Lower Half, and Lower Iveagh, Upper Half, and so much of the Barony of Iveagh Upper, Upper Half, as comprises the Parishes or parts of Parishes of — Aghaderg, Annacione, and Seapatrick.

No. 4. — SOUTH DOWN.

The Baronies of —

Iveagh Upper, Lower Half, Lordship of Newry, and Mourne, and so much of the Barony of Iveagh Upper, Upper Half, as comprises the Parishes of — Clonallan, Donaghmore, Drumgath, Kilbroney, and Warrenpoint.

COUNTY OF DUBLIN.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH DUBLIN.

The Baronies of —

Balrothery East, Balrothery West, Castleknock, Coolock, Nethercross, and Newcastle,

so much of the Barony of Rathdown, as comprises the Parishes of — Kilgobbin, Kiltiernan, and Whitechurch, and in the Parish of Taney, the Townlands of — Balally, Ballinteer, Kingstown, and Tiknock, and in the Parish of Rathfarnham, the Townlands of — Ballyroan, Butterfield, Old Orchard, Rathfarnham, Whitehall, and Willbrook, and the Barony of Uppercross (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described).

No. 2. — SOUTH DUBLIN.

The Barony of Dublin, the Barony of Rathdown (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described),

and so much of the Parishes of Donnybrook, St. Catherines, and St. Peter's, and of the Townland of Cherry Orchard, in the Parish of St. Nicholas Without, as is comprised in the Barony of Uppercross.

COUNTY OF FERMANAGH.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH FERMANAGH.

The Baronies of —

Lurg, Magheraboy, and Tirkennedy.

No. 2. — SOUTH FERMANAGH.

The Baronies of —

Clanawley, Clankelly, Code, Knockninny, and Magherastephana.

206

Ch. 23.

48 & 49 Vict.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

COUNTY OF GALWAY'.

Four Members. — Four Divisions. Names and Contents of Divisions. No. 1. — CONNEMARA.

The Baronies of —

Ballynahinch, Moycullen, and Ross.

No. 2. — NORTH GALWAY.

The Baronies of —

Ballymoe, Clare, and Dunmore.

No. 3. — EAST GALWAY.

The Baronies of —

Clonmacnowen, Kilconnell, Killian, Longford, and Tiaquin.

No. 4. — SOUTH GALWAY.

The Baronies of —

Aran, Athenry, Dunkellin, Kiltartan, Leitrim, and Loughrea.

COUNTY OF KERRY.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH KERRY.

The Baronies of —

Clanmaurice and Iraghticonnor.

No. 2. — WEST KERRY.

The Barony of Corkaguiny, and so much of the Barony of Trughanacmy, as comprises the Parishes or the parts of Parishes of — Annagh, Ardfert, Ballynahaglish, Ballyseedy, Clogherbrien, Fenit, Kilcolman, Kilgarrylander, Killorglin, Kiltallagh, Ratass, and Tralee.

No. 3. — SOUTH KERRY.

The Baronies of —

Dunkerron North, Dunkerron South, Glanarought, and Iveragh.

No. 4. — EAST KERRY.

The Barony of Magunihy, and the Barony of Trughanacmy (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described).

COUNTY OF KILDARE.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH KILDARE.

The Baronies of —

Carbury, Clane, Connell, Ikeathy and Oughterany, North Naas, North Salt, and South Salt,

and so much of the Barony of South Naas, as comprises the Parishes or parts of Parishes of — Kill, Killashee, and Tipperkevin.

No. 2. — SOUTH KILDARE.

The Baronies of —

East Offaly, Kilcullen, Kilkea and Moone, Narragh and Reban East, Narragh and Reban West, and West Offaly, and the Barony of South Naas (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described).

1885,

RedistribvAion of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

207

COUNTY OF KILKENNY.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH KILKENNY.

The Baronies of —

Crannagh, Fassadinin, Galmoy, and Shillelogher, and the Barony of Oowran (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described).

No. 2. — SOUTH KILKENNY.

The Baronies of —

Callan, Ida, Iverk, Kells, and Knocktopher, and so much of the Barony of Oowran as comprises the Parishes or parts of the Parishes of Inistioge, Pleberstown, Famma, Jerpoint Abbey, Jerpoint West, Thomas-town, BaJlylinch, Kilfane, Columbkille, Graiguenamanagh, and Ullard.

KING'S COUNTY.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — BIRR.

The Baronies of —

Ballyboy, Ballybritt, Clonlisk, Eglish, and Garrycastle.

No. 2. — TULLAMORE.

The Baronies of —

Ballycowan, Coolestown, Geashill, Kilcoursey, Phillipstown Lower, PhiUipstown Upper, and Warrenstown.

COUNTY OF LEITRIM.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH LEITRIM.

The Baronies of —

Dmmahairc, and Rosclogher, and so much of the Barony of Leitrim as comprises the Parish of Kiltubbrid, and in the Parish of Kiltoghert, the Townlands of Acres, Aghagrania, Aghnagollop, Ardcolum, Barnameenagh, Barnameenagh West, Blackrock, Carrickbaun, Carricknabrack, Corlough, Corloughlin, Cormeeltan, Cormongan, Cor-namuddagh, Cornashamsoge, Corrachuill, Corryard, Creenagh, Crey, Derrintober, Derrintonny, Derryhallagh, Derrynaseer, Derryteigeroe, Doirusawillin, Dristernaun, Drumcoora, Drumcroman, Drumderg, Drum-halwy, Drumduff, Drumshanbo, Greaghfarnagh, Greaghnaguillaun, Largan. Largan Mountain, Lavaur, Mahanagh, Moneynure, Murhaun, Roscunnish, Shancurry, and Sheskinacurry.

No. 2. — SOUTH LEITRIM.

The Baronies of —

Carrigallen and Moliill, and the Barony of Ijeitrim (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described).

208

Ch. 23.

48 & 49 Vict.

Redistribidion of Seats Act, 1885.

COUNTY OF LIMERICK.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — WEST LIMERICK.

The Baronies of —

Connello Lower, Connello Upper, Glenquin, Kenry, and Shanid, and so much of the Barony of Coshma, as comprises the Parishes or parts of the Parishes of — Adare, Drehidtarsna, and Killonahan.

No. 2. — EAST LIMERICK.

The Baronies of —

Clanwilliam, Coonagh, Coshlea, Kilmallock, Owneybeg, Pubblebrien, and Smallcounty,

and the Barony of Coshma (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described) *

COUNTY OF LONDONDERRY.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH DERRY.

The Baronies of —

Kennaught, North-East Liberties of Coleraine, North-West Liberties of Londonderry, and Tirkeeran, and so much of the Barony of Coleraine, as comprises the Parishes of — Dunboe, Formoyle, Killowen, and Macosquin, and in the Parish of Aghadowey the Town-lands of — Ballinrees, Ballybritain, Ballycaghan, Ballydough, Bally-devitt, Ballylintagh, Ballymenagh, Ballynacally Beg, Ballynacally More, Ballywillin, Clintagh, Collins, Craigmore, Crevolea, Craiglea Glebe, Crosscanley Glebe, Crossmakeever, Culdrum, Drumsteeple, Glencurb, Keely, Killeague, Kiltest, Knockaduff, Lisnamuck, Managher, May-boy, Meaveraanougher, Meencraig, Moneybrannon, Mullan, Scalty, and Shanlongford.

No. 2. — SOUTH DERRY.

The Barony of Loughinsholin, and the Barony of Coleraine, except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described.

COUNTY OF LONGFORD.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH LONGFORD.

The Barony of Grauard, so much of the Barony of Longford, as comprises the Parish of Killoe, and that part of the Parish of Templemichael, which is surrounded by the Parish of Killoe,

and so much of the Barony of Ardagh, as comprises the Parishes of — Mostrim, Street, and in the parish of Clonbroney the townlands of Rinvanny and Cartron-reagh, and in the parish of Graunard the townland of Castlenugent.

No. 2. — SOUTH LONGFORD.

The Baronies of —

Moydow, Itathcline, and Shrule,

The Barony of Ardagh (except so much as [is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein

described),

and the Barony of Longford (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein

described).

1885.

209

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. Ch. 23.

COUNTY OF LOUTH.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH LOUTH.

The Baronies of —

Louth, Lower Dundalk, Upper Dundalk, and the Parish of Killany, and that part of the Parish of Louth included in the Barony of Ardee.

No. 2. — SOUTH LOUTH.

The Baronies of —

Ardee (except the Parish of Killany, and that portion of the Parish of Louth included in the Barony of Ardee), Drogheda, and Ferrard, and the County of the Town of Drogheda.

COUNTY OF MAYO.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH MAYO.

The Baronies of —

Erris, and Tirawley,

and so much of the Barony of Gallen, as comprises the Parishes of — Attymass, and Kilgarvan.

No. 2. — WEST MAYO.

The Baronies of —

Burrishoole, and Murrisk, and the Barony of Carra (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4, as herein described).

No. 3. — EAST MAYO.

The Barony of Costello (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 4, as herein described),

and the Barony of Gallen (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described).

No. 4. — SOUTH MAYO.

The Baronies of —

Clanmorris, and Kilmaine, so much of the Barony of Costello, as comprises the Parishes of — Aghamore, Annagh, Bekan, and Knock, and so much of the Barony of Carra, as comprises the Parish of Ballyovey.

COUNTY OF MEATH.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH MEATH.

The Baronies of —

Fore, Kells Lower, Kells Upper, Morgallion, Slane Lower, and Slane Upper,

The Barony of Navan Lower (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described),

and so much of the Barony of Skreen, as comprises the Parishes of — Athlumney, and Ardmulchan.

210 Ch. 23. Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

No. 2. — SOUTH MEATH.

The Baronies of —

Deece Lower, Deece Upper, Duleek Lower, Duleek Upper, Dunboyne, Lune, Moyfenrath Lower, Moyfeurath Upper, Navan Upper, and Ratoath, The Barony of Skreen (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described),

and so much of the Barony of Navan Lower, as comprises the Parishes of — Churchtown, and Rataiue.

COUNTY OF MONAGHAN. Two Members. — Two Divisions. Names and Contents op Divisions. No. 1. — NORTH MONAGHAN.

The Baronies of —

Dartree, Monaghan, and Trough.

No. 2. — SOUTH MONAGHAN.

The Baronies of —

Cremorne, and Farney.

QUEEN'S COUNTY.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — OSSORY.

The Baronies of —

Clandonagh, Clarmallagh, Maryborough West, Tinnahinch, and Upper-woods,

and so much of the Barony of Portnahinch, as comprises the Parish of Ardea.

No. 2. — LEIX.

The Baronies of —

Ballyadams, Cullenagh, Maryborough East, Slievemargy, and Stradbally, and the Barony of Portnahinch (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described).

COUNTY OF ROSCOMMON.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH ROSCOMMON.

The Baronies of —

Bailintober North, Boyle, and Frenchpark, and the Barony of Roscommon (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described).

No. 2. — SOUTH ROSCOMMON.

The Baronies of —

Athlone, Bailintober South, Ballymoe, Castlereagh, and Moycarn, and so much of the Barony of Roscommon, as comprises the Parish of Cloonfinlough, and part of the Parish of Kilbride, and in the Parish of Lissonuffy, the Town-lands of Coggalkeenagh, Coggalmore, Ccggnlstack, Coggaltonroe, and Coggalforty acres.

1885.

Ch. 23.

211

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

COUNTY OF SLIGO.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH SLIGO.

The Baronies of —

Carbury, and Tireragh, and so much of the ' Barony of Leyny, as comprises the Parishes of — Ballysadare, and Killoran.

No. 2. — SOUTH SLIGO.

The Baronies of —

Coolavin, Corran, and Tirerrill,

and the Barony of Leyny (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described).

COUNTY OF TIPPERARY.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH TIPPERARY.

The Baronies of —

Ormond Lower, Ormond Upper, and Owney and Arra, and so much of the Barony of Kilnamanagh Upper, as comprises the Parishes of — Glenkeen, and Upperchurch.

No. 2. — MID TIPPERARY.

The Baronies of —

Eliogarty, Ikerrin, and Kilnamanagh Lower,

The Barony of Kimamanagh Upper (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1 as herein described),

and so much of the Barony of Slievardagb, as comprises the Parishes of — BaUingarry, Buolick, Fennor, Kilcooly, and Lickfinn.

No. 3. — SOUTH TIPPERARY.

The Baronies of —

Clan william, and Iffa and Offa West.

No. 4. — EAST TIPPERARY.

The Baronies of —

Iffa and Offa East, and Middlethird, and the Barony of Slievardagh (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2 as herein described).

COUNTY OF TYRONE.

Four Members. — Four Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH TYRONE.

The Baronies of —

Strabane Lower, and West Omagh, and so much of the Barony of Strabane Upper, as comprises the following Townlands in the Parish of Upper Bodoney, namely, — Aghalane, Ballynasollus, Brad-keel, Carnargan, Corickmore, Craigatuke, Cruckaclady, Dergbrough, Eden Back, Eden Fore, Eden Mill, Glencoppogagh, Glenga, Glashy-golg&n, Landahussy Lower, Landahussy Upper, Learden Lower, Learden Upper, Letterbrat, Lislea North, Lislea South, Lisnacreaght, Meena-garragh, Meenagorp, Tullagherin, and Tullynadall.

212

Ch. 23.

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

No. 2. — MID TYRONE.

The Barony of East Omagh, and the Barony of Strabane Upper (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described).

No. 3. — EAST TYRONE.

The Barony of Dungannon Upper, and the Barony of Dungannon Middle (except so much as io comprised in Division No. 4, as herein described).

No. 4. — SOUTH TYRONE.

The Baronies of —

Clogher, and Dungannon Lower, and so much of the Barony of Dungannon Middle, as comprises the Parishes of — Clon-feacle, and Donaghmore.

COUNTY OF WATERFORD.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents of Divisions.

No. 1. — WEST WATERFORD.

The Baronies of —

Coshmore and Coshbride, and Decies within Drum, and the Barony of Decies without Drum (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described).

No. 2. — EAST WATERFORD.

The Baronies of —

Gaultiere, Glenahiry, Middlethird, and Upperthird, and so much of the Barony of Decies without Drum as comprises the Parishes or the parts of Parishes of — Ballylaneen, Clonea (except the Town lands of Ballyrandle and Kilgrovan), Fews, Kilbarrymeaden, Kilrossanty, Monks-land, Rossmire, and Stradbally, and in the parish of Newcastle the townland of Lishaue.

COUNTY OF WESTMEATH.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contexts of Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH WESTMEATH.

The Baronies of —

Corkaree, Delvin, Farbill, and Fore,

The Barony of Moygoish (except so much a» is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described),

The Barony of Moyashel and Magheradernon (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described), and so much of the Barony of Fartullagh, as comprises the Parishes or the parts of Parishes of — Lynn, Moylisker, and Mullingar.

No. 2. — SOUTH WESTMEATH.

The Baronies of —

Brawny, Clonlonan, Kilkenny West, Moycashel, and Rathconrath,

The Barony of Fartullagh (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described),

so much of the Barony of Moygoish, as comprises the Parish of Kilmacnevan, and so much of the Barony of Moyashel and Magheradernon, as comprises the Parish of Dysart, except the townlands of Ballyote, Slanebeg, and Slanemore. '

1885.

Ch. 23.

213

Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

COUNTY OF WEXFORD.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — NORTH WEXFORD.

The Baronies of —

Ballaghkeen North, Ballaghkeen South, Gorey, Scarawalsh, and Shel-maliere East,

so much of the Barony of Bantry, as comprises the Parishes or the parts of Parishes of — Chapel, Clonleigh, Clonmore, Killann, Killegny, Rossdroit, St. John's, St. Mullin's, Templeludigan, and Templescoby, and so much of the Parish of Clonmore as is comprised in the Barony of Shelmaliere West.

No. 2. — SOUTH WEXFORD.

The Baronies of —

Bargy, Forth, and Shelburne,

The Barony of Bantry (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein

described),

and the Barony of Shelmaliere West (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 1, as herein described).

COUNTY OF WICKLOW.

Two Members. — Two Divisions.

Names and Contents op Divisions.

No. 1. — WEST WICKLOW.

The Baronies of —

Ballinacor South, Shillelagh, Talbotstown Lower, and Talbotstown Upper,

and the Barony of Ballinacor North (except so much as is comprised in Division No. 2, as herein described).

No. 2. — EAST. WICKLOW.

The Baronies of —

Arklow, Newcastle, and Rathdown, and so much of the Parish of Calary as is comprised in the Barony of Ballinacor, North.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE. First Part. Section 27.

Year and Chapter. | Title. Extent of Repeal.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. The Representation of the People Act, 1867 Sections thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 21. An Act to disfranchise the boroughs of Bridgwater and Beverley. Sections two, three, four, and five.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 25. An Act to disfranchise certain voters of the city of Norwich. The whole Act.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 38. i An Act to disfranchise the boroughs of Sligo and Cashel. Sections two, three, and four.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 54. An Act to disfranchise certain voters of the city of Dublin. The whole Act.

34 A35 Vict. c. 77. An Act to disfranchise certain voters for the city of Norwich. The whole Act.

214 Ch. 23, 24. RedUtribution of Seals, 1885. 48 & 43 Vict.

Section 28. SECOND PART.

Boroughs reported on by Election Commissioners of 1880.

Boston.

Canterbury.

Chester.

Gloucester.

Knaref boro ugh.

Macclesfield.

Oxford.

Sandwich.

Power to Her Majesty to grant an annuity of 6,000l. to Her Royal Highness the Princess Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore for life.

Aunuity to be charged on Consolidated Fund.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore.

[25th June 1885.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into consideration Your Majesty's most gracious message, that Your Majesty has agreed to a marriage proposed between Her Royal Highness the Princess Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore and the Prince Henry Maurice of Battenberg, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted;

And be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by letters patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant unto Her Royal Highness the Princess Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore, or to such persons as Her Majesty thinks fit to be named in such letters patent, in trust or for the use of Her Royal Highness, an annuity of six thousand pounds, to be settled on Her Royal Highness for life, in such manner as Her Majesty thinks proper, such annuity to commence from the date of the marriage of Her Royal Highness with the Prince Henry Maurice of Battenberg aforesaid, to be free from all taxes, assessment, and charges, and to be paid quarterly on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October; the first payment to be made, on such of the said quarterly days as happens next after the said marriage, of such portion of the said annuity as may have accrued between the date of such marriage and such quarterly day, and a proportionate part to be payable for the period from the last quarterly day of payment to the day of the determination thereof.

2. The above annuity shall be charged on and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing produce thereof, after paying or reserv-

1885.

215

Princess Beatrice's Annuity Act, 1885. Ch. 24, 25.

ing sufficient to pay such sums as may have been directed to be paid out of the said fund by former Acts of Parliament, but with preference to all other payments which may hereafter be charged on the said fund.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act for making provision for the transfer to the Secretary of State in Council of India of Unclaimed India Stock and Dividends; and for amending the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879, and the East Indian Railway (Redemption of Annuities) Act, 1881; and for other purposes.

[16th July 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the East India Unclaimed Stock Act. short title. 1885.

2. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires — Interpretation.

" Secretary of State" means the Secretary of State in Council of India.

" India stock" means and includes India five per cent stock,

India four per cent stock, India three and a half per cent stock,

India three per cent stock, East India four per cent, transfer loan, and any India stock from time to time raised in the United Kingdom and transferable at the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland.

"High Court" means Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in England, or, as the case may be, Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in Ireland.

" Bank of England" means the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and includes their successors.

" Bank of Ireland" means the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and includes their successors.

" Government director " includes any ex-officio or other director appointed by the Secretary of State.

" Indian railway company" means any railway company constructing or working railways in India.

" Person " includes a body of persons corporate or unincorporate.

Unclaimed Stock, <&c. and Dividends.

3. (1.) All principal sums of money which have become or may Unclaimed hereafter become payable to any holder of India stock, by reason of nioneys arising its redemption, and which have not been or shall not have been [[o"0^tok.' claimed for ten years or more, shall be paid to the Secretary of State; and all principal sums of money which have so become or may hereafter so become payable to any holder of India stock whereon dividend has not been or shall not have been claimed for ten years or more shall be paid to the Secretary of State.

216

Unclaimed

stock.

List of names from which stock transferred.

Mode of transfer.

Subsequent dividends on stock transferred.

Re-transfer and payment to person showing title.

Ch. 25. East India Unclaimed Stock Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

(2.) All such principal sums so paid may be applied by the Secretary of State as part of the revenues of India or otherwise as he may think fit, subject to the claims of the parties entitled thereto.

(3.) For the purposes of this Act relating to the application of dividends and the claims of parties entitled, and consequent proceedings, such principal sums of money shall be deemed to be included in the term " stock, " and payment thereof in the; term " transfer, " and repayment thereof in the term " re-transfer."

4. (1.) All India stock whereon dividend has not or shall not have been claimed for ten years or more (except where payment of dividend has been restrained by a court of justice) shall be transferred in the books of the Bank of England, or (as the case may be) of the Bank of Ireland, to an account to be intituled " The Secretary of State in Council of India Unclaimed Stock Account, " to be held by the Secretary of State subject to the claims of the parties entitled thereto. The Bank of England, or (as the case may be) the Bank of Ireland, shall, during the six months next previous to such transfer, give notice in writing to the stockholder, at his registered address, of the impending transfer to the Secretary of State.

(2.) In the event of any stock being redeemed while held by the Secretary of State under the foregoing enactment, the principal sums of money representing such stock shall, for the purposes of this Act relating to the application of dividends and the claims of parties entitled and consequent proceedings, be deemed to be included in the term " stock, " and repayment thereof in the term " re-transfer."

5. Immediately after every such transfer the name of the person in whose name the stock stood immediately before the transfer, the residence and description of such person, the amount transferred, and the date of transfer, shall be entered in a list to be kept for the purpose by the Bank in whose books the stock stands.

A duplicate of such list shall be kept at the India Office.

6. Every such transfer shall be made and signed by the accountant general or deputy or assistant accountant general or secretary' or deputy or assistant secretary of the Bank in whose books the stock stands at the time of transfer, and shall be as effectual to all intents as if signed by the person in whose name the stock was then standing.

7. Where stock is transferred under this Act all dividends accruing thereon after the transfer shall be paid to the Secretary of State, and applied by him as part of the revenues of India, subject to the claims of the parties entitled thereto.

8. The Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England or of Ireland may direct the accountant general or deputy or assistant accountant general or secretary or deputy or assistant secretary of that Bank to re-transfer any stock transferred under this Act to any person showing his right thereto to the satisfaction of the Governor or Deputy Governor, and to pay the dividends due thereon, as if the same had not been transferred or paid to the Secretary of State.

But in case the Governor or Deputy Governor is not satisfied of the right of any person claiming to be entitled to any such stock or dividends, the claimant may, by petition in a summary way, state and verity his claim in the Chancery Division of the High Court.

1885.

217

East India Unclaimed Stock Act, 1885. Ch. 25.

The petition shall be served on the Secretary of State, or on one of his under secretaries, or on his assistant under secretary, at the India Office, and the Court shall make such order thereon (either for re-transfer of the stock to which the petition relates and payment of the dividends accrued thereon, jor otherwise), and touching the costs of the application, as to the Court seems just.

All costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Secretary of State in resisting or appearing on any such petition, if not ordered by the Court to be paid out of the stock and dividends thereby claimed, shall be paid by the Secretary of State out of the revenues of India.

Where any re-transfer or payment is made to any such claimant either with or without the authority of the Court, the Bank of England or of Ireland (as the case requires) shall give notice thereof to the Secretary of State, within three days after making the same.

9. Stock exceeding the sum of twenty pounds shall not be re- Three months

transferred from the Secretary of State under this Act, nor shall notice before dividends exceeding twenty pounds in the whole be paid to a or

claimant under this Act, until three months after application made P

for the same, nor until public notice has been given thereof as in this Act provided.

10. The Bank of England or of Ireland shall require the applicant Advertise-to give such public notice as they think fit by advertisements, in the

case of either Bank in one or more newspapers circulating in London payment, and elsewhere, and in the case of the Bank of Ireland also in one or more newspapers circulating in Dublin and elsewhere in Ireland.

Every such notice shall state the name, residence, and description of the person in whose name the stock stood when transferred to the Secretary of State, the amount thereof, the name of the claimant, and the time at which the re-transfer thereof and payment of dividends will be made if no other claimant sooner appears and makes out his claim.

Where any such re-transfer or payment is ordered by the High Court the notice shall also state the purport of the order.

1L At any time before re-transfer of stock or payment of dividend Application as aforesaid to a claimant any person may apply to the Chancery ^cbdordtr Division of the High Court by motion or petition, to rescind or vary any order made for re-transfer or payment thereof.

12. Where any stock or dividends having been re-transferred or Bank not paid as aforesaid to a claimant by either Bank is or are afterwards responsible claimed by another person, the Bank and their officers shall not be cUinmnt. responsible for the same to such other claimant, but he may have recourse against the person to whom the re-transfer or payment was made. Provided that if in any case a new claimant establishes Order in his title to any stock or dividends re-transferred or paid to a former favour of claimant, and is unable to obtain transfer or payment thereof from ciSmant show the former claimant, the Court shall, on application by petition by ing title, the new claimant, verified as the Court requires, order the Secretary of State to transfer to him such sum in stock, and to pay to him such sum in money for dividend, as the Court thinks just.

218

Payment of unclaimed dividends to Secretary of State.

Investigation as to unclaimed stock or dividends.

Unclaimed stock in stock certificates and unclaimed coupons.

Indemnity to Banks.

Ch. 25. East India Unclaimed Stock Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Such transfer shall be made from stock transferred to the Secretary of State under this Act; and such money for dividend shall be paid out of the revenues of India.

13. Where any dividend accrued due on any sum of stock is not claimed for ten years or ipore, the dividend so unclaimed, and all dividends subsequently accrued due in respect of the same sum of stock and unclaimed, shall be paid to the Secretary of State.

All such dividends shall be dealt with in like manner, as nearly as may be, as stock transferred to the Secretary of State under the foregoing provisions of this Act or the dividends accruing thereon after the transfer, as the case may require; and the foregoing provisions of this Act shall accordingly have effect in relation thereto, and to the application and payment of and claims to the same, as if the foregoing provisions of this Act were repeated and in terms made applicable thereto respectively.

14. The Secretary of State may from time to time empower the Bank of England or of Ireland to investigate the circumstances of any stock or dividends remaining unclaimed with a view to ascertain the owners thereof.

15. All stock described in a stock certificate in respect of which no coupon is presented for payment for ten years or more shall be dealt with in like manner, as nearly as may be, as stock whereon dividend has not or shall not have been claimed for ten years or more.

Sums due and unclaimed on coupons shall be dealt with in like manner, as nearly as may be, as unclaimed dividends due in respect of stock.

16. The Banks of England and Ireland and their respective governors, deputy governors, and officers are hereby indemnified in respect of every transfer or re-transfer of stock or payment of dividends under this Act, and shall not be in any manner responsible to any person having or claiming any interest therein.

lie-transfer to Secretary of State of unclaimed East Indian Railway annuity.

42 & 43 Vict. c. ccvi.

Unclaimed East Indian Railway A nnuity and Unclaimed Railway Debentures.

17. Whereas it is provided by section ten of the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879, (in this section called the Purchase Act,) that the aimuity created by that Act (in this section referred to as the annuity) shall from time to time be paid by the Secretary of State to the East Indian Railway Company (in this section referred to as the Company), and shall be received and held by them for the purpose of distribution b}' them amongst the several persons entitled from time to time thereto under that Act, and shall not nor shall any part thereof at any time be paid or applied by the Company otherwise than for the purpose of such distribution: And whereas at the time of the purchase of the East Indian Railway under the said Act the capital of the Company included a sum of twenty-three thousand eight hundred and eighty pounds capital stock in respect of which no person was registered in the books of the Company as the proprietor thereof, and the annuities representing the same now remain unpaid:

1885.

Ch. 25.

219

East India Unclaimed Stock Act, 1885.

And whereas no distribution can at present be made of such unclaimed annuities, and it is expedient to authorise the Secretary of State to suspend payment of a portion of the annuity equal in amount to such unclaimed annuities:

And whereas it is also expedient to provide for the repayment by the Company to the Secretary of State of any annuities other than the said unclaimed annuities representing the said unclaimed capital stock already received by the Company which may remain in the hands of the Company unclaimed for ten years, and further to authorise the Secretary of State to suspend payment of a portion of the annuity equal in amount to such annuities so remaining unclaimed:

And whereas by section eighteen of the Purchase Act the Board of Directors of the Company were directed to divide the annuitants into two classes to be called respectively Class A and Class B, and provision was made by section twenty-three of the said Act for the creation of a sinking fund attached to annuities of Class B derived from the investment of certain deductions to be made from annuities of that class as thereby provided, and it is expedient that so much of the accumulations of the said sinking fund as may be attributable to unclaimed annuities should be repaid to the Secretary of State when the sinking fund shall be distributed according to the provisions of section twenty-five of the said Act:

And whereas it is expedient that the Purchase Act should be amended:It is hereby enacted as follows:

(1.) Nothing in this section contained shall alter or affect the liability of the Company under the Purchase Act with regard to the moneys before the passing of this Act received by them in respect of the said unclaimed annuities representing the said sum of twenty-three thousand eight hundred and eighty pounds unclaimed capital stock of the Company.

(2.) The Secretary of State may henceforth suspend payment to the Company of a portion of the annuity equal in amount to the said unclaimed annuities representing the said sum of twenty-three thousand eight hundred and eighty pounds.

(3.) If and whenever any annuities (other than annuities before the passing of this Act paid by the Secretary of State to the Company in respect of the said unclaimed capital stock of the Company) shall have remained or shall remain after payment by the Secretary of State to the Company in the hands of the Company unclaimed for a period of ten years, such annuities shall be repaid to the Secretary of State by the Company less any sum by the Purchase Act authorised to be deducted by the Board of Directors of the Company in respect of the said sinking fund attached to annuities of the said Class B and in respect of expenses in relation to annuities of either class.

(4.) The Secretary of State may, after any such repayment, suspend payment to the Company of a portion of the annuity equal in amount to the annuities which have so remained unclaimed for such period of ten years: Provided that if there be comprised in any such unclaimed annuities any annuities of the said Class B, the Secretary of State shall, at the times and in the manner by the Purchase Act prescribed for payment

220

Ch. 25. East India Unclaimed Stock Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

of the annuity, pay to the Company so much of such unclaimed annuities as represents the deduction by the Purchase Act authorised to be made by the said Board of Directors in respect of the said sinking fund attached to annuities of the said Class B.

(5.) Notwithstanding anything in this section contained, the Secretary of State shall continue to pay to the Company in respect of any annuities, the payment of which has been suspended, any sums which by the Purchase Act the Board of Directors of the Company are authorised to deduct from the annuities payable to the annuitants of both classes in respect of the expenses of the payment and management of the annuity.

(6.) The Board of Directors of the Company, when the time for division of the moneys representing the accumulations of the said sinking fund shall arrive, shall pay to the Secretary of State such part of such accumulations as may be represented by any annuities of the said Class B at that time unclaimed.

(7.) The Secretary of State shall hold any moneys representing unclaimed annuities at any time repaid to him by the Company and any moneys paid to him by the Board of Directors on the eventual division of the said sinking fund, and any annuities his obligation to pay which is under this Act at any time suspended, subject to the claim of any person who may at any time, in manner by this Act provided, establish his claim thereto, and subject to such claims the Secretary of State may apply such moneys as part of the revenues of India, or otherwise as he may think fit.

(8.) The Secretary of State shall be bound to indemnify the Company against all claims in respect of any moneys representing unclaimed annuities at any time repaid to him by the Company, and of any moneys paid to him by the Board of Directors of the Company, on the eventual division of the said sinking fund, and of any annuities his obligation to pay which is under this Act at any time suspended; and the remedy of any person claiming to be entitled to any such moneys or annuities shall be against the Secretary of State in manner by this Act provided, and not against the Company.

(9.) If and whenever any person claiming to be entitled to any moneys representing unclaimed annuities at any time repaid to the Secretary of State by the Company, or to any moneys paid to the Secretary of State by the Board of Directors of the Company on the eventual division of the said sinking fund, or to any unclaimed annuities the payment of which has under any provision of this Act been suspended, establishes his right thereto respectively to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of State shall forthwith, free of all expense to the claimant, pay to such person the moneys to which he has so established his claim, and shall, if the claim be in respect of unclaimed annuities, give notice in writing to the Board of Directors of the Company that such claim has been so established, and thereupon the said Board shall enter the name of such claimant in the proper register

1885.

Ch. 25.

221

East India Unclaimed Stock Act, 1885.

of annuitants, and the obligation of the Secretary of State to pay to the Company the portion of the annuity representing the unclaimed annuities in question shall revive. But in case the Secretary of State is not satisfied of the right of any person claiming to be entitled to any such moneys or unclaimed annuities, as the case may be, the claimant may, by petition in a summary way, state and verify his claim in the Chancery Division of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice, and the Court shall make such order thereon declaring the claimant entitled or not entitled to any such moneys or unclaimed annuities as the case may require, and touching the costs of the application as to the Court seems just, and upon any such order of the Court in favour of any claimant, he shall be entitled to the same rights in respect of the moneys or unclaimed annuities claimed by him as if he had established his right thereto to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State as in this sub-section before mentioned. All costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Secretary of State in resisting or appearing on any such petition, if not ordered by the Court to be paid out of any moneys claimed or otherwise, shall be paid by the Secretary of State out of the revenues of India.

(10.) The Secretary of State shall require the applicant to give such public notice as the Secretary of State thinks fit by advertisement in one or more newspapers circulating in London and elsewhere, and such notice shall contain such particulars as the case requires and as the Secretary of State directs.

(11.) At any time before repayment of any moneys to any claimant or the entiy of his name in either register of annuitants, any person may apply to the said Division of the Court, by motion or petition, to rescind or vary any order made for payment or entry. If in any case a new claimant establishes his right to any moneys repaid to the former claimant, or to any annuities in respect of which any former claimant has been entered in either register of annuitants as the holder thereof, and such new claimant is unable to obtain repayment of such moneys from the former claimant, or to procure the entry of his name in the proper register as the holder of any such annuities, the said Division of the Court shall, on application by petition by the new claimant, verified as the Court requires, order the Secretary of State to pay to such new claimant the sum of money to which he has established his claim, or to purchase for him annuities of the class to which he has established his claim, or (if stich new claimant consent) to give him the current value of such annuities in India stock. All moneys which the Court may order the Secretary of State to pay to or on behalf of any such new claimant shall be paid out of the revenues of India.

18. All sums of money already paid or which shall hereafter be Unclaimed paid by the Secretary of State to any Indian railway company ^ture/* for the discharge of any debentures, either before or after the passing of this Act, issued or authorised to be issued under his guarantee, in respect of which no claim has or shall have been made for one year or more after such payment by any party thereto

222

Ch. 25.

Claims by parties entitled.

Indemnity to railway companies.

Exemption from stamp duty.

Deputy

Government

directors.

Issue of railway debentures to order or bearer.

East India Unclaimed Stock Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

entitled, shall (whether any person is or is not registered as entitled thereto) be repaid to the Secretary of State.

The said sums so repaid to the Secretary of State may be applied by him as part of the revenues of India or otherwise as the Secretary of State may think fit, subject to the claims of the parties entitled thereto.

19. Where any person claims to be entitled to any sum repaid to the Secretary of State under the last preceding section, the Secretary of State may, on such person showing his right thereto to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State, pay such sum to such person; but in case the Secretary of State is not satisfied of the right of such person, then the person claiming to be entitled to any sum repaid to the Secretary of State may state and verify his claim by petition in the Chancery Division of the High Court in England in a summary way in manner provided by this Act with respect to petitions for stock or dividends; and the provisions of this Act with regard to such petitions and the proceedings consequent thereon shall, with any necessary modifications, apply to claims under this section.

20. Where any sum is retained by or repaid to the Secretary of State in respect of unclaimed annuity or unclaimed debentures as by this Act provided, the respective railway companies shall be and hereby are indemnified in respect thereof, and shall not be in any manner responsible to any person having or claiming any interest therein.

Miscellaneous.

2L No stamp duty shall be paid or chargeable in respect of the transfer of any stock or annuity to or from the Secretary of State pursuant to the provisions of this Act.

22. Whereas provision ha9 been made for the appointment of a Government director by the Secretary of State on the Boards of certain Indian railway companies; and in some cases the Secretary of State is empowered to appoint a person to represent the Government director at Board meetings and otherwise; and it is expedient that in all cases the Secretary of State should have such power:It is hereby enacted as follows:

It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State, in the case of any Indian railway company, where under his contract with that company he has the power to appoint a Government director but not a person to represent him, from time to time to appoint a person to represent the Government director in his absence at the Board of any such Indian railway company, and any deputy so appointed shall have and may exercise (subject to any regulations of the Secretary of State) all or any of the powers of the Government director.

23. (1.) Notwithstanding any provision in any Act of Parliament or deed of settlement or other instrument founding or regulating a company to the contrary, it shall be lawful for any Indian railway company, from time to time, with the sanction of the Secretary of State, and subject to such regulations and conditions as he may think fit to impose, —

223

1885. East India Unclaimed Stock Act, 3885. Ch. 25.

(a.) to issue debenture bonds payable to bearer, which shall be negotiable by delivery;

(b.) to issue debenture bonds payable to order, which shall be negotiable by indorsement of the holder;

(c.) to issue debenture bonds payable in rupee currency;

(d.)to make provision for the exchange of debenture bonds on the application of the holder for debenture bonds of any other form or kind issued by the company.

(2.) This section does not confer any additional or further borrowing powers on any Indian railway company, but applies only to the mode of exercise of borrowing powers conferred independently of this Act;

(3.) Trustees (unless expressly authorised by the terms of their trust to hold securities payable to bearer) may not hold debenture bonds payable to bearer issued under this section.

24. For all or any of the purposes of this Act the Secretary of State may require any railway company to which this Act applies to furnish such returns and give such information as he may think expedient.

25. Whereas provision has been made by the East Indian Railway Redemption of Annuities Act, 1881 (in this section referred to as the Redemption Act), for the redemption by the Secretary of State of annuities comprised in the annuity created by the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879 (in this section referred to as the Purchase Act); and whereas the provisions of the Redemption Act are inapplicable to such of the said annuities as are annuities of the said Class B in section seventeen of this Act referred to, and it is expedient to make provision applicable to the redemption of such annuities, and also for the redemption of annuities of a similar character which have been or may be created for the purchase of Indian railways:

And whereas under certain contracts made with divers Indian railway companies before the passing of the Redemption Act, the Secretary of State is enabled on terms therein specified to purchase their undertakings either for a capital sum or by means of the creation and grant of an annuity; and whereas the power to create such annuities constitutes a liability contingently chargeable, though not actually charged, on the revenues of India at the date of the passing of the said Act; and whereas it is expedient that. the provisions of the Redemption Act should apply to such annuities as and when created:It is hereby enacted as follows:

(1.) When the Secretary of State redeems any annuities of the said Class B, he shall be liable in respect of his holding from time to time to contribute rateably with other annuitants to the sinking fund attached to annuities of the said Class B; and in other respects he shall be liable to, and shall have the benefit of the provisions of sections forty-nine and fifty of the Purchase Act, and on the distribution of the sinking fund attached to annuities of the said Class B, he shall be entitled to receive such share of the sum then distributed as may be attributable to any annuities so redeemed; and any sums which he may contribute to the sinking fund created by the Purchase Act which may be attributable to any annuities redeemed by him

Returns to Secretary of State.

Amendment of 44 & 4ft Vict. c. 58.

42 & 43 Vict. c. ccvi.

224

Ch. 25, 26. East India Unclaimed Stock Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

shall (by reason of his contribution to the sinking fund) be deemed to have been invested in accordance with the provisions of section two of the Redemption Act, notwithstanding that they have not been set aside and invested in manner directed by section fifty-one of the Purchase Act; and the provisions of the foregoing enactment shall, with any necessary modifications, apply to any annuities similar to the annuities of the said Class B under the Purchase Act which have been or may be created for the purchase of any Indian railway.

(2.) Section two of the Redemption Act shall be construed and have effect as if the words "now charged or contingently chargeable " were substituted therein for the words "now charged, " so as to apply to any annuity which the Secretary of State has created or may create under any of the contracts above referred to.

CHAPTER 26.

[Short title.]

Interpretation.

Provisions in lieu of

47 & 48 Vict. c 54. s. 10.

An Act to amend the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

[16th July 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Yorkshire Registries Amendment Act, 1885.

2. In this Act the expression "the principal Act" means the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

3. Section ten of the principal Act shall be repealed as from the passing of this Act, provided that such repeal shall not in any way-prejudice or affect any caveats given in accordance with the provisions of the said section before the commencement of this Act, and that for the purposes of such caveats, and of any rights, preferences, and priorities dependent thereon, the said repealed provisions shall be deemed to be and to continue to be of full force and validity.

In lieu of the provisions by this section repealed the following provisions shall be enacted: —

Subject to any rules made under the principal Act a caveat may at any time be given with respect to any lands within any of the three ridings by any person churning to be entitled to any interest in such lands in favour of any person named therein, and may be registered under the principal Act; and every caveat so registered shall, unless removed or cancelled in accordance with an}7 rules to be made for that purpose under the principal Act, remain in force for such time as may be specified therein in that behalf.

Every such caveat shall be under the hand and seal of the person by whom it is given, and attested by one witness at the least, and shall contain, —

(a) The date on which it is given:

1885.

225

Yorkshire Registries Amendment, 1885. Ch. 26, 27.

(b) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person by whom it is given:

(c) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person in whose favour it is given:

(d) A statement of the time for which it is intended to remain in force:

(e) A description of the lands to be affected by such caveat, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate.

If within the time during which any caveat remains in force any assurance made or executed by the person by whom such caveat was given in favour of the person in whose favour such caveat was given, or his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, be duly registered under this Act, such assurance shall have priority as though it had been registered upon the date on which such caveat was registered; and such last-mentioned date shall be deemed to be the date of registration of the said assurance for all purposes, and shall be substituted in all certificates and other instruments for the date on which such assurance was actually presented for enrolment accordingly.

4. Section fourteen of the principal Act shall be read and con- Amendment of strued as though the words "entitled to be registered " had been *734 g8j^lct* inserted in the fourth line of the said section in lieu of the word

" registered."

5. Section fifteen of the principal Act shall be and the same is Repeal, hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to declare the true meaning of section twenty-two of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

[16th July 1885.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen as to whether the provisions of section twenty-two of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, 38 & 39 Vict. extend to disputes between branches registered as such under the c> 60* Friendly Societies Amendment Act, 1876, and registered societies of 89 & 40 Vict. which they are registered as branches: c' 32-

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section twenty-two of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, in- interpretation eludes and applies to every dispute between any registered branch under the Friendly Societies Acts, or an officer thereof, of any c. 60. 1C registered society or registered branch and the registered society or branch of which the other party to the dispute is a registered branch, or any officer thereof, or between any two or more registered branches of any registered society or branch, or any officers thereof respectively, and shall be read and construed as if the following words were inserted after the word "thereof" in the third line of the said section, " or between any registered branch under " the Friendly Societies Acts, or an officer thereof, of any registered " society or registered branch and the registered society or branch

226 Ch. 27, 28. Friendly Societies Amendment Act, 1885.48 & 49 Vict.

" of which the other party to the dispute is a registered branch, or " an officer thereof, or between any two or more registered branches " of any registered society or branch, or any officers thereof, respectively."

Act, construe- 2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Friendly Societies tion of, and Act, 1875, and the Friendly Societies Amendment Acts, 1876 and

s ort tit c. 1879, and may be cited together with the same as the Friendly-

Societies Acts, and this Act may be cited separately as the Friendly Societies Amendment Act, 1885.

Power to the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise any sum not exceeding 10,000,000l.

As to issue of bonds.

As to issue of debentures.

As to payment of principal and interest on debentures.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

[22nd July 1885.]

WHEREAS the exigencies of the public service in India require v that the Secretary of State in Council of India should be enabled to raise money in the United Kingdom on the credit of the revenues of India:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State in Council of India, at any time or times after the passing of this Act, to raise in the United Kingdom, for the service of the Government of India, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole ten millions of pounds sterling, such sum or sums to be raised by the creation and issue of bonds, debentures, or capital stock bearing interest, or partly by one of such modes, and partly by another or others.

2. All bonds issued under the authority of this Act may be issued under the hands of two members of the Council of India, and countersigned by the Secretary of State for India, or one of his under secretaries, or his assistant under secretary, and shall be for such respective amounts, payable after such notice, and at such rate or rates of interest, as the said Secretary of State in Council may think fit.

3. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act may be issued under the hands of two members of the Council, and countersigned as aforesaid, for such respective amounts, and at such rate or rates of interest, as the Secretary of State in Council may think fit, and shall be issued at or for such prices and on such terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State in Council.

4. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act shall be paid off at par at a time or times to be mentioned in such debentures respectively; and the interest on all such debentures shall be paid half-yearly on such days as shall be mentioned therein; and the principal moneys and interest secured by such debentures shall be payable either at the treasury of the Secretary of State in Council in London or at the Bank of England.

1885.

227

East India Loan (£10,000,000) Act, 1885. Ch. 28.

5. All or any number of the debentures issued under the authority of this Act, and all right to and in respect of the principal and interest moneys secured thereby, shall be transferable by the delivery of such debentures; and the coupons for interest annexed to any debenture issued under the authority of this Act shall also pass by delivery.

6. Any capital stock created under the authority of this Act shall bear such a rate of interest as the Secretary of State in Council may think fit; and such capital stock may be issued on such terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State in Council; and any such capital stock may bear interest during such period, and be paid off at par at such time, as the Secretary of State in Council may prescribe previously to the issue of such capital stock.

7. In case of the creation and issue of any such capital stock there shall be kept, either at the office of the Secretary of State in Council in London or at the Bank of England, books wherein entries shall be made of the said capital stock, and wherein all assignments or transfers of the same, or any part thereof, shall be entered and registered, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or, if such parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and the person or persons to whom such transfer or transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and no other mode of assigning or transferring the said capital stock or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law, and no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers or any of them.

8. The whole amount of the principal moneys to be charged on the revenues of India under this Act shall not exceed ten millions.

0, Upon or for the repayment of any principal money secured under the authority of this Act, the Secretary of State in Council may at any time borrow or raise, by all or any of the modes aforesaid, all or any part of the amount of principal money repaid or to be repaid, and so from time to time as all or any part of any principal money under this Act may require to be repaid, but the amount to be charged upon the revenues of India shall not in any case exceed the principal moneys required to be repaid.

10. All bonds and debentures to be issued under this Act, and the principal moneys and interest thereby secured, and all capital stock to be issued under this Act, and the interest thereon shall be charged on and payable out of the revenues of India in like manner as other liabilities incurred on account of the Government of India.

1L The provisions contained in section four of the Act of the session holden in the fifth and sixth years of King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-four, with respect to the composition and agreement for the payment by the East India Company of an annual sum in lieu of stamp duties on their bonds, and the exemption ot their bonds from stamp duties, shall be applicable with respect to the bonds and debentures to be issued under the authority of this

Debentures and coupons for interest transferable by delivery.

Capital stock may be created and issued.

Transfer books of such capital stock to be kept.

Amount charged on revenues of India not to exceed 10,000,000l.

Power to raise money for payment of principal money.

Securities, &c. to be charged on revenues of India.

Provisions as to composition for stamp duties on India bonds extended to bands and debentures issued under this Act.

228

Forgery of debentures and bonds to be punishable as forgery of East India bonds.

Saving borrowing powers of Secretary of State in Council.

Stock created under this Act to be deemed East India stock.

Power to admit persons of distinction as honorary freemen of boroughs.

Definition.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

[Short title.]

Ch. 28, 29. East India Loan (£10,000,000), 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

Act, as if such provisions were here repeated and re-enacted with reference thereto.

12. All provisions now in force in anywise relating to the offence of forging or altering, or offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any East India bond, with intent to defraud, shall extend and be applicable to and in respect of any debenture or bond issued under the authority of this Act.

13. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any power of raising or borrowing money vested in the said Secretary of State in Council at the time of passing thereof.

14. Any capital stock created under this Act shall be deemed to be East India stock, within the Act of the twenty-second and twenty-third Victoria, chapter thirty-five, section thirty-two, unless and until Parliament shall otherwise provide; and any capital stock created under this Act shall be deemed to be and shall mean India stock within the Act of the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Victoria, chapter seventy-three, anything in the said last-mentioned Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to enable Municipal Corporations to confer the Honorary Freedom of Boroughs upon persons of distinction.

[22nd July 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows, viz.:

1. Notwithstanding anything in the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, or any other statute, to the contrary, the council of every borough may from time to time, by the authority of not less than two thirds of their number present and voting at a meeting of the council specially called for the purpose with notice of the object, admit to be honorary freemen of the borough persons of distinction and any persons who have rendered eminent cervices to the borough, provided that the admission of such persons to be freemen shall not confer the right of voting for any such borough in parliamentary or other elections, or of sharing in the benefit of any hereditaments, common lands, or public stock of such borough or the council thereof, or of any property held in whole or in part for any charitable use or trust.

2. In this Act "borough" and "municipal corporation" shall respectively have the same meaning as in the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

3. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Honorary Freedom of Boroughs Act, 1885.

1885.

Local Loans Sinking Funds Act, 1885. Ch. 30, 31.

220

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Local Loans Act, 1875, as regards the establishment of a Sinking Fund.

[22nd July 1885.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Local Loans Act, 33 & 39 Vict 1875, as regards the provision of sinking funds for the dis- c. 83.

charge of local loans:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Local Loans short title. Sinking Funds Act, 1885.

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Limits of Act.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Sep- Commence-

tember one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five. ment of Act *

4. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Local Loans Act, Discharge of 1875, every loan borrowed in manner provided by that Act may loans by

be discharged by the establishment of a sinking fund as therein ing funds' mentioned, notwithstanding that a sinking fund may not have been prescribed by the special Act authorising the loan.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act for amending the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Acts, and for other purposes.

[22nd July 1885.]

WHEREAS by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1873» 36 & 37 Vict. V provision was made, amongst other things, for applying the c- 64, endowments of the rectory of Tatenhill for the benefit of the said rectory and the ecclesiastical districts in the said Act mentioned;

And whereas by the seventy-fourth section of the Ecclesiastical 3 & 4 Vict. Commissioners Act, 1840, it is provided that arrangements may be c-113* made for the apportionment of the income of two benefices belonging to the same patron between the incumbents or ministers of such benefices, or the churches or chapels connected therewith:

And whereas by reason of enactments in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1873, doubts are entertained whether the provision in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, before recited, any longer applies to the rectory of Tatenhill, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Ecclesiastical 3 v‘ct* Commissioners Act, 1873, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, to apply to

1840, and the Acts amending the same, shall apply to the rectory rectory of

Tatenhill.

230

[Short title.]

« & 7 Will. 4. c. 71.

1 Vict. c. 69. 1*2 Vict. c. 64. 2*3 Vict. c. 62. 3*4 Vict. c. 15. 5*6 Vict. c. 54.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 73.

10 11 Vict. c. 104.

23 24 Vict. c. 93.

36 37 Vict. c. 42.

41 42 Vict. c. 42.

[Short title.]

Powers of recited Acts extended to tithe rent-charges under local Acts.

Evidence to accompany application for redemption.

Ch. 31, 32. Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

of Tatenhill in the same manner as to other benefices to which the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, applies.

2. This Act* may be cited as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1885.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to amend and extend the Acts relating to the redemption of Tithe Rentcharge in England and Wales.

[22nd July 1885.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the session of Parliament held in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, " and the said Act has been amended and the provisions thereof have been extended by Acts passed in the sessions of Parliament held respectively in the first year, the first and second years, the second and third years, the third year, the fifth and sixth years, the ninth and tenth the tenth and eleventh years, the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years, the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years, and the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty:

And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be amended, and that the provisions thereof should be further extended in manner herein-after mentioned:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Tithe Rentcharge Redemption Act, 1885.

2. The powers and provisions of the said recited Acts respecting the redemption of rentcharge (except as otherwise by this Act is provided) shall extend and be applicable to all com rents, rent-charges, and money payments, payable out of or charged on any lands by virtue of any Act of Parliament in lieu of tithes.

3. Every application to the Commissioners for the redemption of any such com rent, rentcharge, or money payment shall be accompanied with a certified copy or extract from the Acf, and from any award made in pursuance thereof, showing the amount of the com rent, rentcharge, or money payment proposed to be redeemed, and with such evidence or proof of the payment of such com rent, rentcharge, or money payment together with such particulars of the land liable thereto as the Commissioners shall think fit.

Provided always, that if the said com rent, rentcharge, or money payment should have been varied by any order of justices at quarter sessions, the consideration money payable for the redemption shall be calculated on such varied amount, and a certified copy of the last of such orders or other satisfactory evidence of the variation shall be furnished to the said Commissioners, and such certified copies or extracts shall be verified and signed by the person or persons having the custody of the said Act, award, or order of justices respectively.

1885.

231

Tithe Rentcharge Redemption Act, 1885. Ch. 32, 33.

4. In lieu of the deposit of copies of the certificate of redemp- Deposit of

tion as provided by the said recited Acts, copies of every certificate certificate of of redemption under this Act, sealed with the seal of the said Com- redemption, missioners, shall be deposited with such person or persons as the said Commissioners, having regard to the circumstances of each case, shall determine. This Act to be

5. This Act shall be taken and construed as part of the first construed as

recited Act as amended and extended by the several Acts passed for ^t^Acf and the amendment thereof. Amendment

Acts.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts.

[31st July 1885.]

WHEREAS the parishes and districts of the Metropolis herein after mentioned have increased in population and rateable value so as to entitle them to increased representation on the Metropolitan Board of Works, and it is therefore expedient to further amend the Act passed in the session of Parliament holden in the eighteenth and nineteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, Queen Victoria, intituled " An Act for the better Local Management of the Metropolis ":

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act the vestries of the Additional parishes of Saint Mary Islington, Lambeth, Saint Pancras, Saint "e^ere of Maiy Abbott Kensington, and the Board of Works for the district B<mrdPof of Wandsworth, shall each be entitled to elect three persons to be Works, members of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and the vestries of

the parishes of Camberwell and Paddington, and the boards of works of the Greenwich, Hackney, and Poplar districts shall each be entitled to elect two persons to be members of the said board, instead of the number in the said recited Act mentioned with respect to those parishes and districts.

2. The districts of Plumstead and Lewisham shall, from and after Districts of the passing of this Act, cease to be united for the purpose of electing ]^»risham a member of the Metropolitan Board of Works, as in the said recited Act provided, and the Board of Works of each of those districts shall be entitled to elect a separate member, as though each district were mentioned in the first part of Schedule B. to that Act The first election of a member for each district shall take place on or before the first day of October, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and, on that day, 'the member elected for the united districts of Plumstead and Lewisham shall go out of office, and, on the following day, the new members shall come into office.

3. From and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand Separation of eight hundred and eighty-six, the Board of Works for the district

of Fulham shall be dissolved, and the vestries of the respective ammersmi parishes of St. Peter and St. Paul, Hammersmith and Fulham, shall

232 Ch. 33. Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

from that date be incorporated, and shall have all such powers and be subject to all such provisions as if they had been named in Part II. of Schedule A. to the said recited Act.

The vestry of each of the said parishes shall on the said day elect one person to be a member of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and on that day the member elected by the Fulham Board of Works shall go out of office, and on the following day the new members shall come into office.

Term of office. 4. One third of the members of the Metropolitan Board of Works first elected under this Act shall go out of office on the ksecond Wednesday in June one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, one third of them on the second Wednesday in June one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven, and the remaining members on the second Wednesday in June one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight; and such newly-elected members shall determine by lot among themselves which of them shall be!the members to go out of office in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven respectively.

Election, &c. of 5. All the provisions of the said recited Act as to election, quali-members. fication, disqualification, and retirement of members of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and the filling up of vacancies, shall, subject to this Act, apply to the members by this Act authorised to be elected.

Acts to be con- 6. The said recited Act, and the Acts amending the same, and \ed as °ne this Act shall be construed together as one Act.

Hammersmith byelaws and regulations made by the Board of Works for

and Fulham the district of Fulham, and subsisting at the dissolution of the said District Board. Board, shall continue in force in the parishes of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, Hammersmith, and Fulham, until repealed or altered in accordance with the law applicable thereto.

The property, claims, and demands, and the debts and liabilities of the said District Board of Works shall be apportioned by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State between the said parishes as he shall think fit, and he shall have power to give such directions as may seem to him to be expedient as to the sale and conversion of any of the property of the said District Board of Works, and as to the application of the proceeds, or of any part thereof, in payment of any of the debts or liabilities of the said Board, including any compensation for loss of office to which any of the officers of the said Board may in his opinion be entitled, or otherwise for the benefit of the said parishes; and until such apportionment the claims and demands and debts and liabilities of the said Board shall not by reason of its dissolution cease or determine, but shall, with the property of the said Board, vest in such person or persons as the Secretary of State shall direct; and upon such apportionment the said property, claims, and demands, and debts and liabilities shall, by virtile of such apportionment, be transferred and vest according to the same: Provided that such apportionment may be made at one or at several times, and may be amended at any time within one year from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six. The apportionment and directions of the Secretary of State under this section shall be final and conclusive.

1885. Metropolis Management Amend/nient Act, 1885. Ch. 33, 34. 283

8. If any of the officers in the service of the Board of Works for Fulham district the district of Fulham shall, within one year from the dissolution of officers-

the said District Board, be appointed to an office in the service of the vestry of either of the said parishes of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, Hammersmith, or Fulham, the time during which he shall have been in the service of the said District Board shall, in computing the time of his service for the purpose of superannuation under the Act passed in the twenty-ninth year of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-one, intituled " An Act to provide for Super- annuation Allowances to. Officers of Vestries and other Boards " within the area of the Metropolis Local Management Act, " be added to the time during which he shall have been in the service of such vestry.

[Short title.]

9. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1885.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to declare and explain the sixty-eighth section of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847.

[31st July 1885.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter seventeen, intituled the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, it was provided that the water rate should be payable according to the annual value of the tenement supplied with water:

And whereas questions have arisen whether the above-recited provision may not in the metropolis mean other than the rateable value as settled from time to time by the local authority duly constituted:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The words " the annual value of the tenement supplied with Explanation of water" in the sixty-eighth section of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 10 & 11 Vict. 1847, shall, within the unions and parishes to which the Valuation c' 17‘8'68, of Property (Metropolis) Act, 1869, extends, mean the rateable value as settled from time to time by the local authority as duly constituted:Provided that where the water rate is chargeable on the annual value of a part only of any hereditament entered in the valuation list, such annual value shall be a fairly apportioned part of the rateable value of the whole tenement, ascertained as aforesaid, the apportionment in case of dispute to be determined in manner provided by the said section.

2. The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, and this Act shall, for Construction of the purposes of this Act, be construed together as one Act, and the Act-provisions of this Act shall to that extent be held to repeal and supersede such of the provisions of that Act as are inconsistent with this Act.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Water Rate Definition A.ct, 1885.

234

Ch. 35.

Public Health (Ships, Ac.) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

38 & 39 Vict c. 55.

[Short title.]

Amendment of sect. 110 of the Public Health Act, 1875.

Constitution of permament port sanitary authorities.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, in relation to Ships and Port Sanitary Authorities.

[31st July 1885.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to ships and port sanitary authorities:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most .Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Ships, &c.) Act, 1885, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health Act, 1875, in this Act referred to as the principal Act.

2. Section one hundred and ten of the principal Act shall have effect not only for the purpose of the provisions of that Act relating to nuisances, but also for the purpose of such of the provisions of that Act relating to infectious diseases and hospitals as are referred to in the schedule to this Act

3. In any case in which the Local Government Board are by the principal Act authorised permanently to constitute a port sanitary authority by provisional order, they may permanently constitute a port sanitary authority by Order.

Every order made under this section shall specify a day on which it shall come into operation in the event of its not becoming a provisional order as herein-after provided, and at least four weeks before such day a copy of it shall be sent by the Local Government Board to every riparian authority which is by the order or otherwise required to contribute to the expenses of the port sanitary authority, and if before such day notice in writing shall be received by the Local Government Board from any such riparian authority objecting to the order, and such notice is not withdrawn before such day, the order shall be deemed to be a provisional order duly made by the Local Government Board under the principal Act, and in the event of its being confirmed by Parliament shall come into operation on such day as may be provided in that behalf in the Act confirming it

Any order made under this section may, if the same has not become a provisional order, be repealed, altered, or amended by any subsequent order made by the Local Government Board.

SCHEDULE.

Sections 120, 121, 124, 125, 126, 128, 131, 132, and 133 of the Public Health Act, 1875.

1885.

Artillery and Rifle Ranges Act, 1885. Ch. 3G.

235

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to provide for the regulation of land held by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State*or a Volunteer jSorps for an Artillery or Rifle Range, or a School of Gunnery, or like purposes.

[31st J uly 1885.]

WHEREAS under the Volunteer Act, 1863, a Secretary of State 26 & 27 Vict.

has power to make byelaws for the regulation of shooting c- 65 and the prevention of intrusion on ground acquired or used, with the assent of a Secretary of State, by any volunteer corps for rifle or artillery practice, and it is expedient to amend the said power and to extend it to ground appropriated by a Secretary of State for the like purposes in the case of other portions of Her Majesty's forces:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Artillery and Rifle Ranges Act, 1885.

2. (1.) Where any land belonging to a Secretary of State or to a volunteer corps, is for the time being appropriated by or with the assent of a Secretary of State for all or any of the following purposes (in this Act referred to as military purposes), that is to say, an artillery range, a rifle range, a school of gunnery, experiments connected with gunnery, or any purpose incidental thereto, a Secretary of State may from time to time make, and when made revoke and vary, byelaws for regulating the use of such land for the purposes to which it is appropriated, and for securing the public against danger arising from such use, with power to prohibit all intrusion on such land and all obstruction of the said use thereof.

(2.) Where any such byelaws permit the public to use such land for any purpose when not used for the military purpose to which it is appropriated, such byelaws may also provide for the government of such land when so used by the public, and the preservation of order and good conduct thereon, and for the prevention of nuisances, obstructions, encampments, and encroachments thereon, and for the prevention of any injury to the same, or to anything growing or erected thereon, and for the prevention of anything interfering with the orderly use thereof by the public for the purpose permitted by such byelaws.

(3.) For the purposes of this section, " land belonging to a Secretary of State" means land under the management of a Secretary of State, whether vested in Her Majesty or in such Secretary of State, or in a person as trustee for Her Majesty or such Secretary of State; and " land belonging to a volunteer corps" means any land vested in such corps or in a person as trustee for such corps.

3. (1.) Where any land the use of which can be regulated by byelaws under this Act abuts on any sea or tidal water, this Act shall extend to such sea and tidal water and the shore thereof as if it were part of such land, and byelaws in relation thereto may be made accordingly: Provided that —

Power of Secretary of State to make byelaws as to use of land held for ranges and like purposes and securing safety of public.

Application of Act to adjoining sea, tidal water, and shore.

236

Ch. 36.

Artillery and Rifle Ranges Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

(a.) If any such byelaw injuriously affects or obstructs the exercise of any private right of any person or body corporate in or over such sea, tidal water, or shore, such person shall be entitled to compensation, and such compensation in case of difference shall be ascertained in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the compensation for land taken otherwise than by agreement; and (b.) Any such byelaw shall not injuriously affect any public right within the meaning of this section unless made with the consent of the Board of Trade; but the Board of Trade, if satisfied after such inquiries and such notice and opportunity for objections as herein-after mentioned that a restriction of any public right is required for the safety of the public or for the exigencies of the military purpose to which the land abutting on such sea or tidal water is appropriated, may consent to a byelaw restricting the said public right to such extent as under all the circumstances of the case seems reasonable.

(2.) The Board of Trade, before consenting to any byelaw under this section, shall cause notice of such byelaw to be given by advertisement or otherwise in the locality, in order that such town, harbour, and other local authorities, and persons as are interested may have an opportunity for making objections to the byelaw, and shall consider any objections made, and shall make such inquiries as appear to the Board necessary for the purpose of ascertaining that the byelaw will not unreasonably interfere with any public right.

(3.) For the purposes of this section " public right" means any right of navigation, anchoring, grounding, fishing, bathing, walking, or recreation.

Application of 4. Where a Secretary of State or a volunteer corps has for the Act where time being the right of using for any such military purpose as acquired. g ahove in this Act mentioned, any land vested in another person or body corporate, this Act shall apply in like manner as if the land were vested in the Secretary of State or volunteer corps, and the same were appropriated for the said purpose, save that nothing in this Act or in any byelaws made thereunder shall injuriously affect the private rights of any person or body corporate further or otherwise than is authorized by the grant of the said right to use the land.

Application of 5. (1.) A byelaw under this Act shall not interfere with any Act to high- highway, unless made with the consent of the authority having wa>8' control of the repair of the roads of the town, district, parish, or

other area in which such highway is situate, but where it appears to such authority that any highway crosses or runs inconveniently or dangerously near to any land, the use of which can be regulated by byelaws under this Act, such authority may consent to a byelaw providing to such extent as seems reasonable for the temporary diversion from time to time of such highway, or for the restriction from time to time of the use thereof

(2.) Any such highway, if a footpath, may (without prejudice to any other power of stopping up or diverting the same) be stopped up or diverted in the manner in which a footpath crossing or running inconveniently or dangerously near to any land used for

1885.

237

ArtUlcry and Rifle Ranges Act, 1885. Ch. 36, 37.

rifle or artillery practice under the Volunteer Act, 1863, may be stopped up or diverted in pursuance of section thirty-seven of that Act.

6. (1.) A Secretary of State, before making any byelaws under this Act, shall cause the same to be made known in the locality, and give an opportunity for objections being made to the same, and shall receive and consider all objections made; and when any such byelaws are made, shall cause the boundaries of the area to which such byelaws apply to be marked, and the byelaws to be published, in such manner as appears to him necessary to make them known to all persons in the locality; and shall provide for copies of the byelaws being sold at the price of one shilling for each copy to any person who desires to obtain the same.

(2.) A person who commits an offence against any byelaw under this Act shall be liable, on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and may be removed by any constable or officer authorized in manner provided by the byelaw from the area, whether land or water, to which such byelaw applies, and taken into custody without warrant, and brought before a court of summary jurisdiction to be dealt with according to law, and any vehicle, animal, vessel, or thing found in such area in contravention of any byelaw may be removed by any constable or such officer as aforesaid, and on due proof of such contravention be declared by a court of summary jurisdiction to be forfeited to Her Majesty.

(3.) A byelaw under this Act shall be deemed to be a regulation within the meaning of the Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, and may be proved accordingly.

7. In this Act unless the context otherwise requires:

The expression "Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

The expression "Lands Clauses Acts " means, as regards England and Ireland, the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same in England and Ireland respectively, and as regards Scotland means the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

The expression "court of summary jurisdiction " as regards England, has the same meaning as in the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, and

As regards Scotland means a sheriffs court or justice of the peace court; and

As regards Ireland means any court of petty sessions.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

[31st July 1885.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited times some of the Acts herein-after specified, and to repeal others, and to make farther provisions in respect to certain turnpike roads:

Notice and enforcement of byelaws.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 37.

Definitions.

S & 9 Vict. c. 18.

8 & 9 Vict. C. 19.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

238

Schedule 1.

Schedule 2.

Schedule 3.

Schedule 4.

Continuance of 53 Geo. 3. cap. 92.

Continuance of other Turnpike Acts.

Ch. 37. Annual Turnpike Acta Continuance Act, 1885.48 & 49 VICT.

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the First Schedule annexed hereto shall continue in force until the dates respectively specified in the third column thereof, and no longer.

2. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the Second Schedule annexed hereto shall be repealed on and after the dates respectively specified in the third column thereof

Provided that the highway board of the highway district of Newtown and Llanidloes shall, on or before the first day of September next one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, pay to the trustees of the roads to which the Act first specified in the Second Schedule annexed hereto relates the sum of two hundred and ninety-two pounds, and the local board of the local government district of Newtown and Llanllwchaiam shall pay to the said trustees the sum of eighty-three pounds, such sums to be applied by the said trustees towards discharging the mortgage debt remaining due from them to the Cambrian Railway Company, and the said payments shall be made by the said highway board and local board respectively out of any funds in their hands applicable to the maintenance of highways in the said highway and local government districts.

3. The Act specified in the first and second columns of the Third Schedule annexed hereto shall continue in force until the date specified in the third column thereof, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

4. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the Fourth Schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the third column thereof, and subject as from the dates specified in the fourth column thereof to the modifications specified in the fifth column thereof, continue in force until the dates specified in the sixth column thereof, and no longer.

Provided that the arrears of interest due and remaining unpaid on the passing of this Act in respect of any principal moneys charged or secured upon the revenues of the Trusts to which the local Acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and seventeen, and of the twenty-nmth and thirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and sixteen, respectively relate, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be extinguished.

5. The provisions now in force respecting turnpikes and tolls and monies advanced or to be advanced on the credit thereof, contained in the Act of the fifty-third year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, chapter ninety-two, intituled, "An Act for amending the roads and highways in the Isle of Wight, " shall continue in force until Parliament otherwise provides.

6. Any other Act now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any turnpike road which will expire at or before the end of the next session of Parliament shall continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-

1885.

239

Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1885. Cfl. 37.

six, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides; but this section shall not affect any Act continued to a specified date and no longer, or any Act which is to be repealed at a specified time.

7. If, in pursuance of an Order made by the Local Government Board under the fifteenth section of the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1873, and the eleventh section of the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1874, the tolls should cease to be levied upon the roads comprised in any turnpike trust before the date to which the term of the local Act applicable thereto is limited, such local Act shall in that case expire on the date when the tolls shall so cease to be levied.

8. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland.

9. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1885.

On tolls ceasing in pursuance of Order under 36 & 37 Vict. c. 90. s. 15., the local Act shall then expire.

[Short title.]

Extent of Act.

SCHEDULES.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Schedule. No. of Act.

Chester Thornset - 1 7

Cornwall . Penzance and Saint Just 1 5

Derby - Ashborne to Belper Bridge 1 4

Cromford and Belper ... Combmartin and Ilfracombe 1 11

Devon 4 6

Durham - Derwent and Shotley Bridge 1 12

Gloucester - - Forest of Dean ..... 3 1

Tewkesbury Severn Bridge 4 1

Lancaster - . Blackburn and Preston ... 1 2

Elton and Blackburn - 1 3

Moses Gate:Ringley District -Standedge and Oldham and Branches - 4 5

1 6

Leicester . Moira and Greeley ... 2 2

Northumberland - North Shields and Newcastle-on-Tyne - 1 9

Salop York Wem and Bronygarth, First District -Leeds and Birstal ... 4 4 2, 3 4

Denbigh Mytholmroyd and Blackstone Edge Llanrwst and Abergele ... 1 1 10 1

Merioneth - Portmadoc and Beaverpool Bridge Cilgwrgan Bettws and Tregynon 1 8

Montgomery 2 1

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance, and no longer.

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Date to which Act is continued.

22 & 23 Vict. c. lxxviii. 1. An Act for making a road from Llanrvst to Abergele, and a branch road thereout, in the counties of Denbigh and Caernarvon. 1 November 1885.

22 & 23 Vict. c. xciii. 2. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Act relating to the Blackburn and Preston Turnpike Road, and for constructing a bridge over the Biver Bibble in connexion therewith; and for other purposes. 1 November 1890.

240

Ch. 37. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

i.

Date of Act.

3.

Title of Act.

Date to which Act is continued.

24 Vict. c. xx.

25 & 26 Vict. c. ciii.

26 Vict. c. xxvii.

26 & 27 Vict. c. cl.

27 & 28 Vict. c. xxxvii. 27 & 28 Vict. c. liv. -27 & 28 Vict. c. cii.

27 & 28 Vict. c. civ.

28 & 29 Vict. c. cxliv.

29 Vict. c. vii.

3. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the tenth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining in repair the road from Brandlesome Moss Gate, in the township of Elton, to the Duke of York Public House, in the township of Black-bum, and a branch road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

4. An Act to continue the Ashborne and Belper Turnpike Trust, in the county of Derby, and for other purposes.

5. An Act for making a turnpike road from Penzance to Saint Just in Penwith in the county of Cornwall, with branches, and for the adoption, alteration, and improvement, for the purposes thereof, of certain public highways; and for other purposes.

6. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Standedge in Saddleworth in the county of York, to Oldham in the county of Lancaster, and other roads in the said county of York, and for making and maintaining two new branches to communicate therewith, and granting more effectual powers in lieu thereof; and for other purposes.

7. An Act to extend the term and amend the provisions of the Act relating to the Thornset Turnpike Roads.

8. An Act for the Portmadoc and Beaver Pool Bridge Turnpike Roads in the counties of Merioneth and Carnarvon.

9. An Act for repairing the road from North Shields in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other purposes.

10. An Act to grant a further term in the road from or near Mytholm Royd Bridge in the West Riding of the county of York, communicating with the road at or near to the sixth milestone from Rochdale in the county of Lancaster, and further powers for the management thereof; to alter the rights of the existing creditors of the trust, and to repeal the existing Act, and for other purposes.

11. An Act to extend the term and amend the provisions of the Act relating to the Cromford and Belper Turnpike Road.

12. An Act for repairing the road from the Gateshead and Hexham Turnpike Road at or near to Axwell Park Gate on the River Derwent in the township of "y/nilaton, in the parish of Ryton, in the coUity of Durham, to the village of Shotley Bridge in the said county of Durham.

1 November 1887.

1 November 1888. 1 November 1885.

1 November 1885.

1 November 1886. 1 November 1886. 1 November 1886.

1 November 1886.

1 November 1887. 1 November 1888.

1885. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1885. Ch. 37.

241

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to be repealed on the dates specified.

1. i 2. i 3.

Date of Act. Title of Act Date of Repeal.

23 & 24 Vict. c. criii. 1. An Act for making a turnpike road from the Oswestry and Newtown Railway, near Cilgwrgan, in the county of Montgomery, over the River Severn to Tregynon, in the 1 September 1885.

same county.

27 & 28 Vict. c. lsx. - 2. An Act for more effectually repairing certain roads from Scaddow Gate in the parish of Ticknall, to the Burton-upon-Trent and Ashby Road, and other roads connected therewith, and for making new branohes of road, in the counties of Derby and Leicester; 1 November 1885.

and for other purposes.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Act which is to continue in force until the date specified and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Date to which Act is continued.

21 & 22 Vict. c. lxxxvi. 1. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Dean Forest Turnpike Roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof, and to authorise the construction of a new road, and for other purposes. 1 November 1891.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force, subject to modifications, until the Dates specified in each instance, and no longer.

* Date of Act. 1 i Title of Act. 3. Extent to which the Act is continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence or be continued. 6. Modifications. 1 6‘ I Date to which Act is continued.

13 & 14 Vict. c. hevi. 1. An Act for continuing the term of an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for building a bridge over the River Severn at or near to the Mytbe Hill, within the parish and near to the town of Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester, to the opposite side of the said river, in the parish of Bushley, in the county of Worcester, and for making convenient So far as the Act relates to the bridge over the River Severn at or near the Mythe Hill. The date of the passing of the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1885. No interest payable. No return toll to be taken for horses drawing. 1 November 1896.

242

Ch. 37. Annual Turnpike Ada Continuance, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent to which the Act is continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence or be continued. Modifications. i I Date to which Act | is con-| tiuued.

roads and avenues to communi-

cate with such bridge, within the counties of Gloucester and Worcester, and of another Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the powers and provisions of an Act relating to the Tewkesbury Severn Bridge and Roads, for the purpose of paying off the debt now due on the said

* 23 Vict. c.viii.

23 & 26 Vict. c. cxxx.

23 Sc26 Vict.

c. cxvii.

28 & 29 Vict. c. cccxxxvi.

bridge and roads.

2. An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from Wem to the Lime Rocks at Bronygarth in the county of Salop, and for making several lines of road connected with the same in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

3. An Act to amend " The Wem and Bronygarth Roads Act, 1860, " and to confer further powers in relation to the said roads.

4. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the first year of the reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from and out of the road leading from Quebec in Leeds, to Homefield Lane End in Wortley, to communicate with the road leading from Huddersfield to Birstal at the " Coach and Horses " public house in Birstal, in the West Riding of the county of York, and granting more effectual powers in lieu -thereof.

5. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Moses Gate and Ringley branch Turnpike Roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof; and to authorise new works; and for other purposes.

So far as relates to the First District of the Roads, and the road numbered' two of the Second District. The entire Act.

So far as relates to the Ring-ley branch.

29 & 30 Vict. 6. An Act for making and main-c. cxvi. taining a new road between

Combmartin and Ilfracombe, both in the county of Devon.

The entire Act.

1 November 1885.

Amount ex- 1 Novem-pended out ber 1887. of tolls in repair of roads not to exceed 100l. per annum.

1

November

1885.

No interest payable. Not less than 125/. per annum to be expended out of the tolls in repairs of road.

1 November 1890.

1

I

November

1885.

November

1888.

No interest payable. Not less than 180l. per annum to be expended out of the tolls in repairs of roads. Salaries and incidental expenses not to exceed 25/. per annum.

No interest payable.

1 November 1888.

1 November 1889.

1885.

School Boards Act, 1883. Ch. 38.

243

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to amend the Law relating to School Boards so far as affected by the incorporation of a Municipal Borough and as respects the divisions of the Metropolis.

[31st July 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whereas by sub-section one of section two hundred and thirteen of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, it is enacted as follows:

" Where a petition for a charter is referred to the Committee " of Council, and it is proposed by the charter to extend the " Municipal Corporation Acts to the municipal borough to be " created by the charter, the Committee of Council may settle a " scheme for the adjustment of the powers, rights, privileges, " franchises, duties, property, and liabilities of any then existing " local authority whose district comprises the whole or part of the area of that borough, either with or without any adjoining " or other place, and also of any officer of that authority

And whereas sub-section six of the same section two hundred and thirteen provides that a local authority for the purposes of the above enactment shall mean the authorities therein mentioned, " and " any other authority not in this section excepted and not being " a school board, and having powers of local government and of " rating for public purposes: *

And whereas difficulties have arisen respecting the effect of the creation by a charter of a municipal borough, where the whole or part of the area of such borough is comprised in the district of a school board, and it is expedient to authorize the removal of such difficulties by a scheme under the said Act:

Be it therefore enacted as follows:—

(1.) The words " and not being a school board " in sub-section six of section two hundred and thirteen of the Municipal Corporations Act are hereby repealed;

A scheme under that section if affecting a school board —

(a) shall before being settled by the Committee of Council be referred to the consideration of the Education Department; and

(h) shall not place the new borough under more than one school board; and

(c) may provide for the continuance of any byelaws in force at the date of the scheme.

(2.) Where within seven years before the passing of this Act a charter has extended the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, or the Acts thereby consolidated to the municipal borough created by the charter, any scheme relating to a school board which might have been made under the said Acts if this Act had passed at the date of the said charter may be made after the passing of this Act, and Part Eleven of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall apply accordingly: Provided that —

Provision as to school boards affected by incorporation of municipal borough.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

48 & 49 VICT.

244 Ch. 38. School Boards Act, 1885.

Division of Lambeth division of London.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

Short title and construction.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 86.

(a) such scheme may be made on the petition either of the council of the said borough or of the persons who composed the school board, or any of them; and

(b) the council of the borough may petition against such scheme in accordance with sub-section four of section two hundred and thirteen of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882; and

(c) any such scheme may validate any acts done by the Education Department or the school board or the council of the borough or any justice since the date of the charter.

(3.) This section shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any powers in relation to school boards for the time being vested in the Committee of the Lords of the Privy Council on Education (who are in this section referred to as the Education Department).

2. Whereas by the Elementary Education Act, 1870, it was enacted that the School Board for London should consist of such number of members elected by the divisions of the metropolis specified in the Fifth Schedule to that Act as the Education Department might by order fix, and power was given to the Education Department from time to time to alter by way of increase or decrease the number of members of any of the said divisions, but no power was given to alter the said divisions, and it is expedient to divide the Lambeth division into two divisions;

Be it therefore enacted as follows:—

(1.) The Lambeth division of the metropolis for the purpose of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, shall be divided into two divisions, named East Lambeth and West Lambeth, and the Fifth Schedule to the Elementary Education Act, 1870, shall be construed as if for " Lambeth " there were substituted " East Lambeth " and " West Lambeth/ '

(2.) The Education Department shall, so soon as maybe after the passing of this Act, by order determine the boundaries of the divisions of East Lambeth and West Lambeth for the purposes aforesaid and the number of members to be elected by each of such divisions, subject nevertheless to any subsequent alteration of the number of members in pursuance of the said Acts.

(3.) At the first election of the School Board for London which is held after the passing of this Act, members shall be elected for the two divisions constituted by this Act; but nothing in this Act shall affeyt the School Board for London until such members come into office.

3. This Act may be cited as the School Boards Act, 1885.

This Act, so far as relates to school boards on the incorporation of a municipal borough, shall be construed as one with the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and together with that Act may be cited as the Municipal Corporation Acts, 1882 and 1885.

This Act, so far as regards the divisions of the metropolis, shall be construed as one with the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, and may be cited together with those Acts as the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1885.

1885. Cholera Hospitals (Ireland), 1885. Ch. 39. 245

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to enable the sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

[31st July 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L On receiving a certificate from a medical officer of health of the Sanitary union that a case of the infectious disease known as spasmodic or Asiatic cholera has occurred within the sanitary district, it shall be Qf 8i^ lawful for the authorities of that sanitary district, having first obtained the authority in writing of the Local Government Board, and given such notice as is specified in this Act, to take possession for a temporary hospital of any site, except as herein-after mentioned, within that sanitary district and specified in such authority.

2. It shall be sufficient notice to the owner or the occupier, or Notice to other persons affected, if a notice has been posted on the walls of the occupler-union workhouse, at such place on which notices are usually placed, and of the church or chapel and police station nearest to the site within the sanitary district, that it is intended to take possession of such site, on a day specified in such notice, not being less than five days from the posting of such notice, and if an affidavit is made that the occupier, if dwelling within the sanitary district, has been served with a copy of such notice, or that a reasonable effort has been made to serve him, or, if living without the sanitary district, that a registered letter has been forwarded to his last known address.

3. No site shall be thus taken which is within three hundred Site not to be yards of a dwelling-house, or which has any building or offices thereon, or which is enclosed or used as a garden, pleasure or of dwelling^ " recreation ground, or which forms part of any park or of any house, enclosed demesne lands, without the consent of the occupier of such house or lands, or which shall be within three hundred yards of any church, chapel, schoolhouse, factory, workshop, or other building where any trade or mercantile operation is being carried on.

4. The owner or occupier shall be entitled to such rent and com- Compensation pensation for damage as the Local Government Board may award, to occupier, and such rent and compensation shall be paid by the sanitary authority of the district within one month after such award is made.

5. Not more than two statute acres shall be taken for any site; Limit of land and within two months after it shall have been certified to the to be taken' sanitary authority by the medical officer of the district that cholera has ceased to exist within the sanitary district, and that there is no longer any occasion for such temporary hospital, the sanitary authority shall remove the same and all foundations, ddbris, and other materials, and restore the surface of the ground to the same state in which it was found by them on taking possession, and they shall deliver up the possession to the person in whose occupation it was immediately prior to their taking possession thereof.

6. Any person molesting or obstructing the officers of or persons Penalties, deputed by the sanitary authority when carrying out the provisions

A

246

Ch. 39, 40. Cholera Hospitals (Ire) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Duration of powers of local authorities.

[Short title.]

Definition of

sanitary

district.

Extent of Act.

of this Act shall be liable on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction, composed of not less than two justices or one stipendiary magistrate, to a fine not exceeding five pounds or to a term of imprisonment not exceeding two months.

7. The powers conferred upon sanitary authorities by this Act shall not be exercised after the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six.

8. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1885.

9. In any case in which the sanitary authorities of any maritime union have been directed by order of the Local Government Board to exercise jurisdiction for the prevention or suppression of cholera over any port which includes portions of any other union or unions, then the words "sanitary district " in this Act shall be construed to include such portions of the lands comprised within the limits of the said port as lie within one mile of high-water mark.

10. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to provide for the application to charitable purposes of such portion of the property subject to the Will of Edward Polehampton as is now vested in the Crown, and for the management and application of the said property.

[31st July 1885.]

WHEREAS Edward Polehampton of the parish of Saint Sepulchre London citizen and paper stainer by his Will dated the twenty-seventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one after directing the payment out of his personal estate of all his just debts and funeral charges and after reciting that he was then erecting at Twyford in the parish of Hurst in the county of Berks a certain building to cousist of a, chapel school house and dwelling-house according to a model or plan then in his custody which he proposed when finished to endow constituted the Vicar of Saint Sepulchre London for the time being the Minister of the said parish of Hurst for the time being the Minister of Saint Mary's in Reading in the county of Berks aforesaid for the time being and Mr. William Skelton of Doctors' Commons London trustees of that his Will for the uses and purposes therein-after mentioned it being his will and meaning that the Vicar of Saint Sepulchre the Minister of Hurst and the Minister of Saint Mary's in Reading should be trustees for ever for the managing of the said charity and the said Mr. William Skelton trustee only for the term of his natural life after which the trust as to the said Mr. William Skelton should cease And the testator thereby gave and bequeathed unto his niece Feillett (in the said Will called Feelot) and the heirs of her body for ever all his freehold and copyhold estates whatsoever and wheresoever in trust for the uses and purposes of that his Will And first the testator ordered and directed that ten poor boys be duly chosen out of Twyford by the Minister of Hurst for the time being at the age of eight years who should be taught

1885.

247

Poleluimpton Estates, 1885. Ch. 40.

to read and write till the age of fifteen years if they thought fit so long to continue and no longer after which age the said minister should choose others in their room and he bequeathed the sum of ten pounds per annum for ever for clothing of the said poor boys to be issuing and going out of his said freehold and copyhold estates And the said testator ordered and directed that some able and sufficient orthodox minister of the Church of England should be chosen by his trustees alternatively the first choice to be made by the Vicar of Saint Sepulchres and after the death or removal of such minister then by the rest for ever in order as were therein above named which said minister should take care duly to supply the said chapel with the reading of divine service on Sundays both morning and afternoon likewise with a sermon on every Sunday both morning and afternoon and should teach the said poor boys in manner as above-mentioned for which he bequeathed to such minister so from time to time to be chosen as aforesaid the sum of forty pounds per annum to be issuing out of his said freehold and copyhold estates with the payment whereof he charged the same and also the use of the said dwelling-house to inhabit in allowing him liberty of taking boarders and other scholars But in case such minister should refuse and would not undertake to teach the said poor boys then he directed that some fit person should be chosen by his trustees as a schoolmaster in manner as the said minister was chosen to teach the said boys And the said testator gave and ordered that ten pounds per annum should be deducted out of the said forty pounds and paid to such schoolmaster who should in such case have also the use of the said dwelling-house and the liberty of taking in boarders and other boys And the said testator willed that the said annual sums should be paid out of the rents issues and profits of his said freehold and copyhold estates for ever after which and the payment of all such reasonable charges and expenses as his said trustees should be put unto by reason of repairs or otherwise he gave and bequeathed the surplus of the rents issues and profits of his said freehold and copyhold estates to his niece Feillett and her children and the survivors of them and their heirs for ever equally to be divided between them share and share alike and after the decease of any of them the testator directed that the share of such so dying should go and be paid to the heirs of the body and bodies of such survivor or survivors and to their heirs for ever And he willed that his said trustees yearly and every year should give unto his niece Feillett and her children and their heirs a true and exact account of their necessary charges and expenses by reason of repairs or otherwise which he directed should be paid by his said niece and her heirs for ever out of his said freehold and copyhold estates and for further security of his said intended charity at Twyford and for fear of deficiencies on his freehold and copyhold estates by loss by fire and other accidents he ordered that his executors therein named should for the space of three years after his decease receive the rents and profits of his leasehold estates and should also sell and dispose of certain furniture and eflects therein mentioned and the money arising by such sale and the receipts of the rents of his leasehold estates for the said three years after payment of his debts and funeral charges

248

Ch. 40. Polehampton Estates, 1885. 48 & 49 Vici.

and the legacies therein-after mentioned he directed should be vested in the purchase of land in the names of his executors and until such purchase could be made he directed that his said executors should place out the money at interest on good security In trust nevertheless that by the produce of the said leasehold estates for the said term and of the said sale to pay or retain the annual sums therein mentioned and also all such sum and sums of money as they or either of them should expend and all charges as they or either of them should be put unto by reason of the said execution after which he ordered that his said executors should apply the same (taxes and necessary repairs being first deducted) to supply such deficiencies (if any) as should thereafter happen and he thereby charged the said freehold estate so to be purchased and the income thereof to supply such deficiencies And after the expiration of the said term of three years then he willed that the rents issues and profits of his said leasehold estate should be paid to his said niece Elizabeth Feillett and her children and their executors and administrators equally share and share alike charged nevertheless in case of any deficiency of money happening for the payment of the annual sums therein-before mentioned and all charges for the space of two years and likewise with the payment of the further annual sums therein mentioned until the expiration of the said leasehold estates And until deficiencies should appear on his said freehold and copyhold estates he directed that the rents issues and profits of the freehold so to be purchased out of the profits of his leasehold and moneys arising from the sale of his said furniture and effects after the payments aforesaid thereout particularly directed should be paid by his executors to his said niece Elizabeth Feillett and her children and the survivors and the heirs of their bodies equally share and share alike And in case the said testator should happen to die before the said building should be completed at Twyford then he willed that his executors should receive and take into their custody and possession all the rents issues and profits not only of his leasehold but also of his freehold and copyhold estates until such building should be completed and should apply the said rents issues and profits after the payment of the aforesaid legacies taxes and expenses forthwith towards the finishing of it according to the said plan and in such case his executors should after such building had been completed receive the rents issues and profits of his leasehold for the space of three years for the uses therein-before mentioned after the expiration of which term they should descend to his niece Elizabeth Feillett and her children charged as aforesaid in manner therein-before expressed All the rest residue and remainder of his estate of what kind soever not therein-before bequeathed the said testator gave devised and bequeathed unto his said niece Elizabeth Feillett and her children to be equally divided betwixt them share and share alike And the said testator appointed John Ford of London citizen and bricklayer Roger Askew of the same citizen and paper stainer and William Skelton of Doctors' Commons his executors:

And whereas the said testator died in July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two without having revoked or altered his

1885.

249

Polehampton Estates Act, 1885. Ch. 40.

said Will and the same was proved in London on the twenty-fifth of September one thousand seven hundred and ^twenty-two by the said John Ford and Roger Askew power being reserved to the said William Skelton to come in and prove the same:

And whereas on the nineteenth of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight a Bill was filed in the High Court of Chancery by Francis Hemet and Polehampton his wife Richard Best and Elizabeth his wife Ren6 Feillett the younger Edward Askew Feillett Frances Feillett and Mary Feillett infants by their father Rend Feillett the elder guardian (the said Rend Feillett the elder being the administrator of Elizabeth his wife deceased and administrator to Jane Feillett his daughter by the said Elizabeth likewise deceased) which said Polehampton Hemet Elizabeth Best Rend Feillett the younger Edward Askew Feillett Francis Feillett and Mary Feillett were six of the surviving children of the said Elizabeth late the wife of the said Rene Feillett the elder deceased which said Elizabeth was the niece and residuary legatee of the said Edward Polehampton named in his said Will against the said John Ford Robert Feillett an inf ant and others And it was thereby alleged (amongst other things) that the said Edward Polehampton was at the time of his death seized in fee of several freehold messuages lands and tenements in the parish of Saint Sepulchre aforesaid and in the parish of Twyford in the county of Berks and likewise seized in fee according to the custom of the manor of several copyhold messuages lands and tenements in the honor and manor of Hampton and also possessed for long terms of years of and in several leasehold messuages lands and tenements in the parish of Saint Sepulchre and that the said Edward Polehampton being so seized and possessed of the said freehold copyhold and leasehold messuages tenements lands and premises and having surrendered such part thereof as was copyhold to the use of his Will and having no issue and being minded to give and dispose of his estate to charitable uses made his Will as herein-before stated And the said Bill prayed that the said charity might be established and that the residue of the said freehold copyhold and leasehold estates over and besides such part thereof as should be appropriated for answering the said charity might be exonerated and exempted from the same and that the plaintiffs might be let into possession thereof:

And whereas by the decree dated the second of July one thousand seven hundred and thirty made in the said suit of Hemet v. Ford it was referred to the master to take certain accounts and to inquire (amongst other things) what were the particulars and yearly value of the said testator's freehold and copyhold estates and to appoint a receiver of the said rents and profits:

And whereas by his general report made in the said cause of Hemet v. Ford dated the sixteenth June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two the master found (amongst other things) that the said testator's freehold estate consisted of one good brick messuage in Cow Lane Smithfield let out upon lease for thirty-one years at the yearly rent of forty-two pounds and that the testator's copyhold estate lying at Hampton Town in the county of Middlesex consisted of one messuage and gardens and three cottages and

250

Ch. 40. Polehampton Estates Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

gardens and one piece of garden ground in the occupation of the several persons and at the several yearly rents in the fourth schedule to his report annexed amounting in all to the total yearly rents of thirty-eight pounds fifteen shillings:

And whereas on the thirteenth of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six an information was filed in the High Court of Chancery by His then Majesty's Attorney General at the relation of the Reverend Thomas Weales Vicar of Saint Sepulchre the Reverend John Scaife Minister of Hurst the Reverend Charles Sturges Minister of Saint Mary Reading and the Reverend Joseph Petvin Minister of Twyford Chapel againt Robert Feillett the said Elizabeth Best Polehampton Franklyn John Kirkbank William Dixon and Elianorhis wife (which said John Kirkbank and Elia nor Dixon had in the events that had happened become the legal personal representatives of the said Roger Askew deceased) and William Ford (who in the events that had happened had become the legal personal representative of the said John Ford deceased) praying amongst other things that the decree in the said suit of Hemet v. Ford might be carried into execution:

And whereas by an Order dated the seventeenth of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine made in the said last-mentioned suit a receiver of the rents and profits of the said estates was directed to be appointed and subsequently William Mann was duly appointed such receiver:

And whereas by the decree made on the eighteenth of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one in the said last-mentioned suit of Attorney-General v. Feillett it was amongst other things directed that the said former decree in the suit of Hemet v. Ford should be carried into execution and that the accounts and inquiries thereby directed should be carried on and made against the parties to the last-mentioned suit in like manner as the same were thereby directed against the parties to the said former suit: And whereas the master by his report dated the thirty-first of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five made in pursuance of both the said decrees found (amongst other things) that before the said building at Twyford was completed the said testator died in July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two leaving the said Elizabeth Feillett wife of Rene Feillett the elder his heir-at-law and that the said chapel and buildings were afterwards completed by the said John Ford and Roger Askew the acting executors of the said testator's Will and that Theophilus Mountjoy Hughes was nominated to be minister of the said chapel and was duly licensed to officiate in the said chapel That the said Elizabeth Feillett the said testator's heir-at-law died in one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four leaving issue eight children Robert Feillett her eldest son and heir-at-law (then deceased) and Jane Feillett Ren^ Feillett Edward Askew Feillett Polehampton the wife of Francis Hemet Elizabeth Feillett afterwards the wife of Richard Best Mary Feillett and Frances Feillett all of whom or the representatives of such of them as were dead were plaintiffs in the said first-mentioned cause That under the circumstances therein stated and at that distance of time it had been found impracticable to take the accounts of the personal estate of the testator That one William

1885.

Ch. 40.

251

Polehampton Estates, 1885.

Ingmire the solicitor for all parties in the said original cause (who resided in a house at Hampton part of the said trust premises) was pursuant to the first decree appointed receiver of the testator's freehold copyhold and leasehold estates and continued so for many years and had as was alleged the principal management of the said charity and that the said Theophilus Mountjoy Hughes received a salary from the said William Ingmire whilst he continued receiver but that the latter had never passed any account of the rents and profits of the said estates and that he died many years ago insolvent And that from that time to the time that Mr. William Mann was appointed and acted as receiver in the said cause That the rent of the said testator's freehold estate which consisted only of a freehold messuage in Cow Lane aforesaid then let at thirty-five pounds a year was received by some of the relations of the said testator who were either dead insolvent or in such necessitous circumstances that it was not advisable to prosecute them for any account thereof And that the rents of the said testator's copyhold estate which appeared to be then let at twenty-eight pounds two shillings a year were received by the late defendant Robert Feillet who afterwards became a lunatic and was then lately dead insolvent And the said master found that the whole of the said testator's freehold and copyhold estates were then let at several yearly rents amounting to the yearly sum of sixty-three pounds two shillings And that in regard to the said testator's leasehold estates he did not find that there was any part thereof remaining the leases whereby the same were held then being long since determined:

And whereas the said cause of Attorney-General v. Feillett came on to be heard for further consideration on the thirtieth of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five and an Order was then made directing (amongst other things) the receiver to pass his accounts and the taxation and payment of costs:

And whereas under or by virtue of divers Orders and master's reports from time to time made in the said suits various persons were from time to time appointed receivers of the rents and profits of the said freehold and copyhold hereditaments and ultimately under or by virtue of an Order dated the fourth of June one thousand eight hundred and forty-one and the master's report dated the ninth of July one thousand eight hundred and forty-one Sidney Beisley was appointed receiver of the said rents and profits:

And whereas on the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven an information was filed by Her Majesty's Attorney-General at the relation of the Reverend Archibald Allen Cameron Minister of Hurst against the Reverend Richard Wood Vicar of Saint Sepulchre the Reverend Samuel Wildman Yates Minister of Saint Mary Reading and the Reverend Leonard Hamp-son Rudd Minister of Twyford Chapel:

And whereas by the decree dated the seventeenth of December one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven made in the said last-mentioned suit it was referred to the master (amongst other things) to inquire of what property the charity estates then consisted distinguishing the different natures of each part of the said property and the yearly value thereof respectively and in whom the said estates were then vested and also to inquire what part

252

Ch. 40.

Polehampton Estates Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

of certain Bank Three Pounds per Cent. Annuities standing to the credit of the said cause of Attorney-General v. Feillett had arisen from the testator's freehold estates and what part from the said testator's copyhold estates and also to inquire whether the testator's niece Elizabeth Feillett had any and what children and when such children (if any) were respectively bom and if such children and any or either and which of them were or was living or dead and if dead when they respectively died and whether they left any heir or heirs-at-law or heir or heirs-in-tail them surviving and who was or were then such heir or heirs-at-law or heir or heirs-in-tail Also to inquire who was the heir-at-law or customary heir of the said testator and who was then such heir-at-law And it was ordered that the receiver appointed by the Order of the fourth of June one thousand eight hundred and forty-one made in the said cause of Attorney-General v. Feillet should be continued until further order:

And whereas by an Order dated the eighth of May one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six made in the said last-mentioned suit the said last-mentioned decree was directed to be carried on and prosecuted against the Reverend Archibald Allen Cameron the then Minister of Hurst the Reverend James Jackson the then Vicar of St. Sepulchre the Reverend A P Cust the then

Minister of St. Mary Reading and the Reverend Leonard B Beatson the then Minister of Twyford Chapel:

And whereas by another Order dated the twenty-fifth of July one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six made in the three last-mentioned suits it was ordered that the said Sidney Beisley should be discharged from the said receivership and that a fresh receiver should be appointed:

And whereas by another Order dated the ninth of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six Thomas Albert Waring was appointed and he has ever since continued to be receiver of the rents and profits of the said estates:

And whereas by the chief clerk's certificate dated the twelfth of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one made in pursuance of the said Decree and Order dated respectively the seventeenth of December one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven and the eighth of May one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six it was certified (amongst other things) that Her Majesty's Attorney-General as the informant and plaintiff and the defendants and Her Majesty's Solicitor-General in respect of the estate and interest of Edward Polehampton therein-after named which it was alleged escheated to the Crown for want of heirs of the said Edward Polehampton had attended by their respective solicitors And as to that part of the said Order dated the seventeenth of December one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven whereby it was referred to the master to inquire and state to the Court of what property the charity estates consisted distinguishing the different natures of each part of the said property and the yearly value thereof respectively and in whom the said estates were vested it was certified that the property then constituting the estates of the charity in the pleadings mentioned consisted of the several

1885.

253

Polehampton Estates, 1885. Ch. 40.

freehold and copyhold messuages or tenements lands and hereditaments the short particulars whereof were set forth in the schedule to the said certificate That such parts of the said messuages or tenements lands and hereditaments the short particulars whereof were set forth in the first part of the said schedule were of freehold tenure and that such parts thereof the particulars whereof were set forth in the second part of the said schedule were of copyhold tenure That such messuages or tenements lands and hereditaments respectively except such parts thereof as were used for the purposes of the said charity were of the yearly values set forth in the second column of the said schedule amounting altogether to the annual sum of two hundred and twenty-three pounds That the said charity estates were vested in Edward Polehampton in the pleadings named at the time of his death and that he by his Will dated the twenty-seventh of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one devised the said estates to his niece Elizabeth Feillett and the heirs of her body for ever in trust for the purposes of his Will That the said Elizabeth Feillett survived the said testator and was his heiress-at-law and that she was long since dead leaving several children bom of her body but that it was not known and could not be ascertained who were the heirs of the body of the said Elizabeth Feillett or who were the heirs-at-law or customary heir of the said Edward Polehampton That in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventeen George Spencer then Marquis of Blandford afterwards Duke of Marlborough and since then deceased was admitted tenant to such parts of the charity estates as were of copyhold tenure and that since his death which took place in or about the year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four there had not been any person admitted tenant of the said copyhold hereditaments on the roll of the said honor and manor and that such hereditaments had been twice proclaimed and were then liable to seizure by Her Majesty as lady of the said honor and manor of Hampton Court of which such copy-hold hereditaments were part and parcel That there was at the date of the said certificate standing in the name of the Accountant-General of the Court in trust and on credit of the first-mentioned cause Attorney-General v. Feillett the sum of three thousand four hundred and forty-one pounds six shillings and nine pence Bank Three Pounds per Centum Annuities which said bank annuities had arisen from the investment and accumulation of the surplus income of the charity estates in the said Order dated the seventeenth of December one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven mentioned after maintaining the charity in such Order also mentioned That there were also standing in the name of the said Accountant-General in trust and on the credit of " Ex parte the Thames Valley Railway " Company The Account of the parties entitled to the Estates of " Edward Polehampton deceased " one hundred and ninety-three pounds twelve shillings and six pence Bank Three Pounds per Centum Annuities and the sum of eleven pounds seven shillings and seven pence cash which last-mentioned bank annuities had arisen from the investment of the sum of one hundred and eighty-two pounds five shillings cash paid by the Thames Valley Railway Company for the purchase of a piece of land situate at Hampton in

2 54

Ch. 40. Polehampton Estates Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

the county of Middlesex part of the said charity estates and which sum of eleven pounds seven shillings and seven pence cash had arisen from dividends on the said bank annuities And as to that part of the last-mentioned Order whereby it was referred to the said master to inquire whether the testator's niece Elizabeth Feillett in the pleadings named had any and what children and when such children (if any) were respectively born and if such children or any or either and which of them were or was living or dead and if dead when they respectively died and whether they left any heir or heirs-at-law or heir or heirs-in-tail them surviving and who was or were such heir or heirs-at-law or heir or heirs-in-tail and who was then such heir-at-law and customary heir It was certified that for the purpose of making such inquiries the advertisements therein mentioned had been published for any person or persons claiming to be heir or heirs-at-law or heir or heirs-in-tail of any of the children of the testator's niece Elizabeth Feillett and for any person claiming to be the heir-at-law or customary heir of Edward Polehampton (the testator in the said decree named) to come in and prove their claims by the time in the said advertisements limited for that purpose and then since past That the claims which were made pursuant to the said advertisement were a claim by Sarah Randall the wife of John Randall of Dover in the county of Kent who claimed to be a descendant of the said Elizabeth Feillett and also heiress-at-law of the said testator Edward Polehampton and a claim made by the Reverend Edward Thomas William Polehampton of Hartfield Rectory Tunbridge Wells clerk who also claimed to be heir-at-law of the said testator but that such claims were afterwards abandoned by the said claimants respectively That other than and except the said Sarah Randall and Edward Thomas William Polehampton no person or persons had claimed to be the heir or heirs-at-law or heir or heirs-in-tail of the said Elizabeth Feillett or heir-at-law or customary heir of the said testator and that there had not been any evidence adduced before him whether the said testator's niece Elizabeth Feillett had any and what children or when such children (if any) were respectively bom or if such children or any or either and which of them were or was living or dead and if dead when they respectively died or whether they left any heir or heirs-at-law or heir or heirs-in-tail them surviving or who was or were then such heir or heirs-at-law or heir or heirs-in-tail or who was the heir-at-law and customary heir of the said testator or who was then such heir-at-law and customary heir and that the last mentioned inquiries could not therefore be answered That in the event last aforesaid both classes of property the subject of the last-mentioned inquiries had become vested in the Crown and that inasmuch as the answering of the said inquiry as to what part of the Bank Three Pounds per Centum Annuities standing to the credit of the said cause Attorney-General v. Feillett had arisen from the rents of the said testator's freehold estates and what part from the said testator's copyhold estates would have been attended with much expense and delay such inquiry with the consent of the Attorney-General had not been made:

And whereas the schedule referred to in the said certificate is set forth in the first schedule to this Act:

1885. Polehampton Estates Act, 1885. Ch. 40.

And whereas subsequently to the date of the said chief clerk's certificate part of the premises number thirty-eight King Street Smithfield (consisting of a part of a school-room in the rear thereof) in the schedule to the said certificate mentioned was taken by the Metropolitan Railway Company in consideration of the sum of seven hundred pounds which was on the fourth of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one paid by the said Company into Court to the credit of " Ex parte The Metropolitan Railway " Company In the Matter of the Metropolitan Railway Act 1854 " And under an Order in the said cause of Attorney-General v. Feillett dated the twenty-sixth of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two the same was invested in seven hundred and fifty-three pounds fourteen shillings and one penny Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities which are now remaining on the credit of the said cause Attorney-General v. Feillett " Ex parte " The Metropolitan Railway Company: "

And whereas by an Order dated the twenty-third of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three made in the said suits of Attorney-General v. Wood and Attorney-General v. Cameron it was ordered that Her Majesty's Attorney-General should be at liberty to carry on and prosecute the said decree bearing date the seventeenth day of December one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven against the Reverend Edward Gleadon Wilkinson who had become and was then minister of the said chapel in the same manner as if he had been originally made a party defendant thereto:

And whereas on the nineteenth of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four the bailiff of the honor and manor of Hampton Court seized and took possession of the copyhold hereditaments mentioned in the second part of the schedule to the said certificate to and for the use and as the estate of Her Majesty as lady of the said honor and manor for the want of a tenant thereof: And whereas notwithstanding such last-mentioned seizure the receiver appointed in the said suits has been permitted to receive the rents and profits of the said copyhold hereditaments:

And whereas under an Order made in the said suits on the twenty-eighth of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five a piece of land situate at Twyford and part of the premises mentioned in part one of the schedule to the chief clerk's said certificate was exchanged with Mr. William Henry Toomer for another piece of land containing one acre and two roods also situate at Twyford: And whereas by another Order dated the fourth of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six made in the said causes of Attorney-General v. Feillett Attorney-General v. Wood and Attorney-General v. Cameron it was ordered that an agreement dated the 3rd of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five for the sale to the Mayor Aldermen and Commons of the City of London for the purposes of " The London Central Markets Act 1875 " for the sum of three thousand three hundred and twenty-seven pounds five shillings of the said messuage number thirty-eight King Street Smithfield should be carried into effect And the said purchase-money of three thousand three hundred and twenty-seven pounds five shillings was pursuant to directions contained in the said Order paid into Court to the credit of Attorney-General v. Feillett

255 v

256

Ch. 40. Polehampton Estates 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

in the matter of " The London Central Markets Act 1875 " and invested in the purchase of three thousand five hundred and sixteen pounds five shillings Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities which now remain on the like credit:

And whereas the dividends on the said three sums of seven hundred and fifty-three pounds fourteen shillings and one penny three thousand five hundred and sixteen pounds five shillings and one hundred and ninety-three pounds twelve shillings and sixpence like annuities have been paid to the said receiver and accounted for by him in his accounts which have been passed in the said causes and his balances have been paid into Court to the credit of the said cause Attorney-General v. Feillett and invested in Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities:

And whereas by an Order made on the further consideration of the said causes dated the fifteenth of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight the receiver was continued and it was ordered that inquiry should be made of what the property of the charity then consisted and that a scheme for the future management and regulation of the said charity and the application of the property and income thereof be settled by the judge and directions were given for the taxation of costs and payment thereof out of five thousand one hundred and forty-one pounds fifteen shillings and five pence Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities then in Court on the credit of the said cause Attorney-General v. Feillet:

And whereas the costs of the last-mentioned Order directed to be taxed have since been raised and paid in manner by the said Order directed:

And whereas the chief clerk duly made his certificate dated the twenty-third day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four in pursuance of the said Order of the fifteenth of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight and thereby certified that at the request of the parties he had set forth in the schedule to the certificate the particulars of which the property then subject to the trusts of the Will of the testator Edward Polehampton consisted and that the property of the charity in the pleadings mentioned then consisted of the particulars following that is to say (1) The lands and premises mentioned in the first part of the said schedule to the certificate (2) A charge upon the lands and funds mentioned in the second part of the said schedule amounting to the sum of fifty pounds per annum and (3) A further charge on such last-mentioned lands premises and funds of a sufficient amount to provide for the repair and permanent sustentation of the buildings situate at Twyford in the county of Berks mentioned in the first part of the said schedule and which charge is estimated on an average to amount to thirty pounds per annum And the said chief clerk by his said certificate also certified that he had forborne to settle a scheme for the future management and regulation of the charity in the pleadings mentioned and the application of the property and income thereof:

And whereas the said schedule to the last-mentioned certificate is set forth in the second schedule te this Act:

And whereas it is expedient that all the property now subject to the trusts of the said Will of the said Edward Polehampton should

1885. Polehampton Estates Act, 1885. Ch, 40. 257

(after satisfying the charitable trusts and purposes expressed and declared in and by the said Will) be applied feu* charitable purposes (being of a public but not an ecclesiastical or religious nature) for the benefit of Twyford and the neighbourhood but such application cannot be made without the authority of Parliament:

And whereas the Queen has been graciously pleased to signify that she has placed at the disposal of Parliament any interest in the said property vested in Her Majesty from want of heirs or to which Her Majesty has become entitled by reason of the want of a tenant as above mentioned:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same as follows: —

1. This Act may for all purposes be cited as the Polehampton short title. Estates Act 1885.

2. The property the particulars whereof are specified in the second Application of schedule to this Act and the income thereof shall after satisfying property to the charitable trusts and purposes expressed and declared in and chanty‘

by the said Will of the said Edward Polehampton be applicable for charitable purposes (being of a public but not an ecclesiastical or religious nature) for the benefit of Twyford and the neighbourhood, and shall be applied for such purposes accordingly in accordance with a scheme, order, or direction from time to time made by the High Court of Justice or the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales in like manner as if this section had been contained in the Will of the said Edward Polehampton.

3. A Scheme respecting the charity established by this Act may Schemes and provide for the regulation and management of the charity either °J‘ders for together with or apart from the charity established by the above c anty' recited Will of Edward Polehampton and may provide for the property being managed and applied in common for the two charities

or for the division thereof wholly or partly between the two charities.

(2.) Orders may from time to time be made with respect to the vesting in such persons and for such estates or interests as the High Court of Justice may direct of all or any part of the property of the said Edward Polehampton whether belonging to the charity established by thiB Act or to the charity established by his will or to both such charities in common and any such order may extend to every or any estate and interest in such property which is vested in Her Majesty from want of heirs or to which Her Majesty has become entitled by reason of the want of a tenant as above mentioned and shall bind such estate or interest.

4. The High Court of Justice shall provide by means of a sale Costs of Act. of a portion of the property specified in the Second Schedule to this Act or otherwise for the payment of the costs charges and expenses of and incidental to the preparing and obtaining of this Act.

5. Subject to the provisions of sections seventeen and eighteen Application of the Charitable Trusts Act, 1853, any application to the High 5d?CoSrt° Court of Justice for any of the purposes of this Act may be made g 0 from time to time upon petition, motion, or summons intituled

258

Ch. 40. Polehampton Estates Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

" In the matter of this Act, " or upon a proceeding in any action or suit pending at the passing of this Act in the High Court of Justice respecting the will or property of the said Edward Pole-hamptoD.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Schedule to Certificate of 12th January 1871.

1st Column. 2nd Column.

Particulars of the Property constituting the Charity Yearly Value

Estates herein-before mentioned. of such Property.

PART I.

Property of Freehold Tenure.

£ s. d.

A messuage and premises situate at No. 88 King Street Smithfield in the city of London in the occupation of William Whitaker Ariell under a lease for 21 years from Michaelmas 1868 at the yearly rent of 110/. 110 0 0

Premises situate at Twyford in the county of Berks formerly used as a chapel and a building used as a school-room used for the purposes of the charity.

A house and garden situate at Twyford aforesaid used as a residence for the chaplain of the charity used for the purposes of the said charity.

An allotment of land situate at Twyford aforesaid held by the chaplain as part of his stipend used for the purpose of the said charity.

110 0 0

PART H.

Property of Copyhold Tenure parcel of the Honor and Manor of

Hampton Court.

£ s. d.

A house, coach-house stable cottage and garden 2 cottages and gardens and 2 pieces of land with a cottage standing on one of them all situate at Hampton in the county of Middlesex in the occupation of Eliza Johanna Blanshard under a lease for 21 years from Midsummer 1869 at the yearly rent of 80/. - - 8000

A piece of garden ground situate at Hampton aforesaid in the occupation of the said Eliza Johanna Blanshard as yearly tenant at the annual rent of 10/. - - -10 00

A piece of garden ground situate at Hampton aforesaid in the occupation

of Thomas Holberton as yearly tenant at the annual rent of 3/. - 3 0 0

Five cottages and gardens situate at Hampton aforesaid in the occupation of James Mason or his under-tenants under a lease thereof for 21 years from Michaelmas 1866 at the yearly rent of 20/. - - 20 0 0

113 0 0

Summary:—

s. d.

Parti. - - 110 0 0

Part II. - - 113 0 0

Total - - 223 0 0

1885. Polehampton Estates Act, 1885. Ch. 40, 41. 259

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Schedule to Certificate of 23rd December 1884.

First Part.

A piece of land situate at Twyford in the county of Berks with two buildings thereon one formerly used as a chapel but now used as a school-room and the other formerly used as a schoolroom but now used as a storehouse in hand.

A house and garden situate at Twyford aforesaid used as a schoolmaster's house in hand.

An allotment of land situate at Twyford aforesaid in hand.

Second Part.

Copyholds of the Manor of Hampton.

A house coach-house stable cottage and garden two cottages and gardens and two pieces of land with a cottage standing on one of them all situate at Hampton in the county of Middlesex now held by Charles Pemberton under a lease granted to Eliza Johanna Blanchard for the term of twenty-one years from Midsummer one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine at the yearly rent of eighty pounds.

A piece of garden ground situate at Hampton aforesaid held by the said Charles Pemberton as yearly tenant at the annual rent of ten pounds.

A piece of garden ground situate at Hampton aforesaid held by Thomas Holberton us yearly tenant at the annual rent of three pounds three shillings.

Five cottages and gardens situate at Hampton aforesaid held by James Mason under a lease for the term of twenty-one years from Michaelmas one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six at the yearly rent of twenty pounds.

Three thousand five hundred and sixteen pounds five shillings Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities in Court on the credit of Attorney-General v. Feillett In the Matter of " The London Central Markets Act 1875."

Seven hundred and fifty-three pounds fourteen shillings and one penny like annuities in Court on the credit of Attorney - Gen eral v. Feillet "Ex parte The Metropolitan Hallway Company " one hundred and ninety-three pounds twelve shillings and sixpence like annuities in Court on the credit of Ex parte The Thames Valley Railway Company. The account of the parties entitled to the estate of Edward Polehampton deceased.

Third Part.

Six thousand and seventy-one pounds eleven shillings and one penny Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities in Court on the credit of Attorney-General v. Feillett.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to make provision with respect to the maintenance of certain Piers and other works in the estuary of the River Shannon.

[31st July 1885.]

\YI WHEREAS the care and conservancy of the navigation of the River Shannon and certain rivers flowing into the River Shannon, and of the works from time to time executed for the improvement of such navigation, together with all powers, authorities, and privileges, rights, titles, and interests under the Shannon 2 & 3 Vict. Acts of 1839 and 1846, and the Shannon Act, 1874, in relation to Vict such navigation and works, are vested in the Commissioners of c. 86.

Public Works in Ireland: 37 & 38 Vict.

c. 60.

260

Ch. 41.

Shannon Act, 1885.

48 & 49 Vict.

Short titles.

Power to Public Works Commissioners to transfer maintenance of piers on estuary of Shannon.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

Considerations previous to order affecting

piers.

And whereas a part of the duties of such care and conservancy consists in the maintenance of certain piers and other works in the estuary of the River Shannon below the city of Limerick (which said piers and works are mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, and are in this Act referred to as " the said piers "):

And whereas it is expedient that the duty of maintaining the said piers should be distributed among such authorities and in such manner as are in this Act mentioned:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Shannon Act, 1885; and the Shannon Acts of 1839 and 1846, and the Shannon Act, 1874, and this Act may be together cited as the Shannon Acts, 1839 to 1885.

2. (1.) The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland (hereinafter referred to as (t the Commissioners of Works ") shall have power from time to time upon such conditions as, with the consent of the Treasury, they may think fit, and subject to the provisions of this Act,

(a.) By order to commit the maintenance of any one or more of the said piers to any trustees, not less than five in number, willing to undertake the same upon the terms herein-after mentioned; and

(6.) By order to direct that any one or more of the said piers shall become the public property of the county, or of the urban or rural sanitary district within the meaning of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, in which such pier or piers is or are situate, and that the maintenance of such pier or piers shall be committed to the grand jury of the said county, or to the sanitary authority of the said urban or rural sanitary district, or to any properly constituted harbour authority within the meaning of this Act, as the case may be; provided the said county, sanitary, or harbour authority consent to accept the same upon the terms herein-after mentioned.

(2.) From the date of any such order as aforesaid taking effect in manner herein-after mentioned, or any later date specified in that behalf in such order, and subject to the terms of the order and the provisions of this Act, all property of every description, and all powers, rights, and duties of the Commissioners of Works in relation to any one or more of the said piers whereof the maintenance is committed by such order to the local authority, harbour authority, or trustees therein in that behalf mentioned, (which said local authority, harbour authority, or trustees is or are in this Act referred to as a " pier authority, ") shall cease to be vested in, and to be exercised and performed by, and to attach to the Commissioners of Works, and shall devolve upon such pier authority.

3. Before making an order under this Act affecting any one or more of the said piers, the Commissioners of Works shall take into consideration the interests of the district or districts benefited by such pier or piers, and of the classes and persons making use thereof, and shall reasonably satisfy themselves that the duties to be committed to any pier authority by such order will be effectively

Ch. 41.

261

1885.

Shannon A, 1885.

discharged by them, with a due regard for all such interests as aforesaid.

4. With respect to the making of an order by the Commissioners Regulations as

of Works under this Act and the validity thereof, the following tombing and regulations shall have effect; that is to say, order/ °

(1.) The Commissioners of Works shall prepare a draft order, and shall specify therein —

(a.) The pier or piers, whereof the maintenance is proposed to be committed by such order to a local authority, harbour authority, or trustees, and the local authority, harbour authority, or trustees to whom it is proposed to commit such maintenance, and the mode of supplying from time to time any vacancy caused by the death or incapacity or refusal to act of any such trustee; and (b.) All property of every description, and all powers, rights, duties, interests, and liabilities proposed to be vested in and conferred and#imposed on such local authority, harbour authority, or trustees; and (c.) Any other matters which the Commissioners of Works, with the consent of the Treasury, may think fit to insert in such order;

but before making any such order the said Commissioners shall undertake any works which may appear to them necessary for repairing the structure of the pier or piers to which the order relates:

(2.) The Commissioners of Works shall cause the said draft order to be published in such manner as they think best adapted for the purpose of making it known to all persons interested, and shall hear and consider any objections to such draft order which may be made to them in writing within such time, being not less than thirty days from the date of the first publication thereof, as they may by notice published as aforesaid specify:

(3.) Having considered all such objections as aforesaid, the Commissioners of Works shall send the order as finally settled by them to the Treasury, and the Treasury, if they approve thereof (whether with or without modifications), shall cause the same, with such modifications (if any) as they think fit, as soon as possible to be laid upon the table of both Houses of Parliament:

(4.) The order shall be of no validity until it has lain for forty days on the table of both Houses of Parliament; and if during the said forty days either House of Parliament passes a resolution against such order the same shall be void, but if during the said period of forty days no such resolution is passed, the order shall at the expiration of the said period be valid and take effect:

(5.) The passing of a resolution by either House of Parliament against such order shall not prejudice the making of any subsequent order in pursuance of this Act in relation to the same subject-matter or any part thereof.

5. (1.) A pier authority shall be bound to maintain and keep in Power to pier sufficient order and repair the pier or piers so committed to them,

and shall have power, subject to the provisions of this Act and of purc a8e an

262

Ch. 41. Shannon Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Power to levy tolls for use of piers.

Application of tolls, &c.

Power to local authority to levy special rate.

the order committing to them the maintenance of any one or more of the said piers, from time to time to purchase or take on lease or otherwise acquire any lands required by them for the purpose of such maintenance, and shall be empowered to improve and keep in sufficient order the approaches to any pier named in the First Schedule to this Act.

(2.) With a view to the purchase of lands by a pier authority, the Lands Clauses Acts shall, so far as they are applicable, be incorporated with this Act, with the exception of the provisions of those Acts which relate to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and, in construing ther said Lands Clauses Acts for the purposes of this Act, this Act and the order committing to such authority such maintenance as aforesaid shall together constitute the " special Act, " and the pier authority shall be the " promoters of the undertaking."

6. A pier authority shall have power to levy tolls in respect of the several matters mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, at such rates, not exceeding the rates mentioned in the said schedule or any other rates mentioned in a schedule to the order, as they from time to time determine; provided that such tolls shall not at any time without the consent of the Treasury be charged in respect of any one of the said piers at higher rates than the rates at which they were charged at the time when the maintenance of such pier was committed to a pier authority in pursuance of this Act.

7. All tolls levied by a pier authority to whom the maintenance of any of the said piers or the improvement of the approaches thereunto has been committed in pursuance of this Act, and all moneys otherwise accruing to such authority in pursuance of this Act, shall be held by such authority on trust to dispose thereof in defraying the expenses of and attending such maintenance or improvement of the approaches thereunto, and in repayment of any loan or loans raised by such authority in pursuance of this Act, with the interest thereon; and any surplus from time to time arising shall be applied in reduction of such of the rates fixed in respect of the said tolls as such authority may from time to time think it expedient to reduce; and any surplus from time to time remaining after such reduction of rates as aforesaid shall, in the case of a pier authority being a local authority, be the property of the county or sanitary district (as the case may be), and, in any other case be disposed of in such manner as Parliament may direct.

8. Where a pier authority are a local authority within the meaning of this Act, and the moneys at any time available for payment of the expenses incurred by such authority in the maintenance of any of the said piers, or for payment of any sums due in respect of a loan raised by such authority in pursuance of this Act, are insufficient for payment of such expenses or sums, then —

(1.) if such pier authority are the grand jury of a county, such grand jury may present any amount so from time to time required to supply the deficiency, such amount to be raised off the county at large, or off any one or more of the baronies or half baronies in the county; and such amount on being presented shall be applotted, raised, and levied accordingly; provided that a presentment made in pursuance of this sec *

1885.

263

Shannon Act, 1885. Ch. 41.

tion shall be subject to the like proceedings at presentment sessions, and otherwise, as other grand jury presentments; and

(2.) if such pier authority are an urban or rural sanitary authority within the meaning of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, such authority may make a special rate for the purpose of supplying the deficiency; and such authority, if an urban authority, shall have all such powers for making and levying such special rate, and all provisions shall be applicable in respect thereof, as in the case of any rate authorised to be made by such urban authority for the general purposes of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878; and if such authority are a rural authority, the amount required for supplying the said deficiency shall be deemed to be special expenses within the meaning of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and sections two hundred and thirty-two and two hundred and thirty-three of that Act shall apply accordingly.

Provided that an applotment or applotments or a rate or rates made by any local authority for the purposes of this Act shall not in any year exceed sixpence in the pound.

9. (1.) Subject to the provisions of an order committing the maintenance of any of the said piers to a pier authority, such pier authority may from time to time, with the sanction of the Commissioners of Works, borrow at interest any sum required for any works which such authority are authorized to execute in pursuance of such order, and for that purpose may mortgage the tolls leviable by them under this Act and also (in case such authority are a local authority) any rate which they are by this Act authorised to make, and the mortgagees of any such mortgage may enforce the payment of any arrears of principal and interest due thereon by the appointment of a receiver.

(2.) For the purpose of any such loan the provisions of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners shall, so far as such provisions are applicable and are not inconsistent with this Act or the eaid order, be incorporated with this Act; and in the construction of the said provisions for the purposes of such incorporation the " special Act " shall be deemed to be this Act and the said order, and the " Commissioners " shall be the pier authority, and the " clerk to the Commissioners " shall be the pier authority or any person appointed by the pier authority, and the word "rates " shall include any tolls leviable under this Act.

(3.) A pier authority being a grand jury may also (subject to the limit herein-before imposed on the amount of any applotments to be made in any year for the purposes of this Act) present any sum, to be raised off the county at large or off any one or more of the baronies or half baronies in the county, for the purpose of obtaining a loan in pursuance of this Act, and the enactments for the time being in force with respect to the presenting of moneys by grand juries for the purpose of obtaining loans for public works, and with respect to the making and repayment of such loans, shall be applicable to any such presentment, and to the making of any loan on the security thereof, and to the repayment of any such loan.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

Power to pier authority to borrow.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 16.

264

Ch. 41.

Power to Commissioners to lend to pier authority.

Incorporation of certain provisions of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 27.

Prohibition of undue preference in use of piers.

Accounts and audit.

Shannon Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

10. The Commissioners of Works may, with the consent of the Treasury, make any loan to a pier authority acting in pursuance of any powers of borrowing conferred by this Act, on the security of any tolls leviable under this Act, and (if they think it expedient) of any presentment or rate which such authority (if a local authority) is authorized by this Act to make, and without requiring any further or other security, such loan to be repaid within a period not exceeding fifty years, and to bear interest at the rate of three and a half per centum per annum, or such other rate as may in the judgment of the Treasury be necessary in order to enable the loan to be made without loss to the Exchequer:

Provided that in determining the time when a loan under this section shall be repayable, the Commissioners of Works shall have regard to the probable duration and continuing utility of the works in respect of which the same is required.

11. In the application of this Act in the case of any pier authority there shall be incorporated with this Act the following provisions and sections of the Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, so far as those provisions and sections are applicable to and not inconsistent with or modified by this Act or the order committing the maintenance of any one or more of the said piers to such authority as aforesaid; that is to say,

(1.) Section twenty-eight, relating to the exemption of certain vessels, persons, and things, from the liability to be charged with rates and to be regulated and controlled under the said Act or the special Act; and

(2.) The provisions with respect to the collection and recovery of rates, excepting sections thirty-five and thirty-six; and

(3.) Sections seventy-four, seventy-five, and seventy-six, relating to the liability for any damage done, and the recovery of the amount of such damage; and

(4.) The provisions with respect to the byelaws to be made by the undertakers; and

(5.) The provisions with respect to the recovery of damages not specially provided for, and of penalties, and to the determination of any other matter referred to justices:and in the construction of the said provisions and sections for the purpose of such incorporation, the " special Act " shall be deemed to be this Act and the said order; and the " harbour, dock, or pier " shall be the pier or piers whereof the maintenance is committed by the said order to such pier authority as aforesaid; and the "undertakers" shall be the said pier authority; and the word "rate " shall include any such toll as is mentioned in this Act.

12. A pier authority shall not show any undue preference to any person in relation to the use of any of the said piers whereof the maintenance has been committed to such authority, but every person shall be entitled to the use thereof on the same terms on which any other person would be so entitled under similar circumstances.

13. Accounts of the receipts and expenditure of a pier authority shall be made up in such form and to such day or days in every year as may be appointed by the Local Government Board. Such accounts shall be audited by such auditor of the accounts relating to the relief of the poor as the Local Government Board appoint for

1885. Shannon Act, 1885. Ch. 41. 265

the purpose; and such auditor shall have the like powers and be subject to the like obligations, and any person aggrieved by the decision of such auditor shall have the like rights and remedies, as are provided in the case of an audit under section two hundred and forty-eight of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878; and a 41 & 42 Vict. pier authority shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to c- 52' be a public body within the meaning of section six of the Local 35 & 36 Vict. Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872. c- 69,

14. Every pier authority shall make an annual report, in such Report to form and at such time as the Local Government Board may from me^ Board" time to time direct, of all works executed and of all sums received

and expended by them in pursuance of this Act during the preceding year, and shall send a copy thereof to the Local Government Board, and shall publish such report or an abstract thereof in some local newspaper circulating in the district.

15. (1.) If at any time it appears to the Lord Lieutenant that Maintenance any one or more of the said piers is or are not maintained in a Jasen"default proper state of repair by any pier authority to whom the main- by pier autho-tenance thereof has been committed in pursuance of this Act, the rit7 *

Lord Lieutenant may, if he thinks fit, signify the same to the Treasury, and the Treasury may thereupon, if they think fit, authorize the Commissioners of Works to execute any works which they may consider necessary for the purpose of putting such pier or piers as aforesaid in a proper state of repair, and to advance out of any moneys for the time being in their hands for the purpose of loans any sum or sums necessary for such works; and for the purpose of executing such works the Commissioners of Works shall be invested with all the powers of the pier authority.

(2.) Any sum or sums so advanced by the Commissioners of Works, together with interest thereon at the rate of three and a half per centum per annum, or such other rate as may in the judgment of the Treasury be necessary in order to enable such advance to be made without loss to the Exchequer, shall be repaid by the pier authority out of any moneys in their hands for the purpose of the maintenance of such pier or piers as aforesaid, and shall be a charge upon all tolls levied by such authority until the whole amount due in respect of the advance has been repaid; and such charge shall have priority over all other sums payable by such authority in respect of such maintenance, except any sums payable in respect of expenses incurred previous to the date of the said advance by the Commissioners of Works; and for the recovery of the said advance and the interest thereon, the Commissioners of Works shall have the like rights and remedies as if the sum or sums advanced had been borrowed by the pier authority in pursuance of this Act on the security of a mortgage of the said tolls.

16. Nothing in this Act shall extend to abridge or prejudicially Saving of cer-affect any right, power, jurisdiction, or privilege of the Commis- talD n&hts' sioners of Irish Lights.

17. In this Act the following words and expressions shall have Definitions, the meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something

in the context repugnant thereto; that is to say,

" Lord Lieutenant " includes the Lords Justices or any other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being:

" Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

266 Ch. 41. Shannon 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

" Local Government Board" means the Local Government Board for Ireland:

" Harbour authority " includes all persons or bodies of persons, corporate or unincorporate, being proprietors of or intrusted with the duty, or invested with the power of constructing, improving, managing, maintaining, or lighting any harbour, or any works in or at which vessels can obtain shelter, or ship and unship goods or passengers in the River Shannon or Fergus:

" Local authority" means the grand jury of a county or any urban or rural sanitary authority within the meaning of the 41 & 42 Vict. Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878:

c. 62‘ " County" means a county at large, also a county of a city, a

county of a town and city, and a city or town and county:

" Grand jury " includes the town council of any borough to whom the powers of a grand jury with respect to the presentment of public money have been transferred:

8 & 9 Vict. " Lands Clauses Acts" means the Lands Clauses Consolidation c*18, Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same, so far as respects

Ireland.

SCHEDULES.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Clare Castle Pier, County Clare.

Kilrush Pier, County Clare.

Kildysart Pier (Cahiran), County Clare. Querin Pier, County Clare.

Kilteery Pier, County Limerick.

Foynes Harbour, County Limerick.

Saleen (Ballylongford) Pier, County Kerry.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

I. — Quayage.

Rates for entering Pier.

Ok Crapt Tbadikg in the River Shannon.

Open boats, turf boats, and decked vessels under 20 tons burden.

Decked vessels of 20 tons and under 50 tons register, or 50 tons burden when not registered.

Vessels of 50 tons register or burden and under 100 tons register.

Vessels of 100 tons register and upwards

On Vessels arriving from or departing to any Port in the United Kingdom, outside the Shannon.

On Vessels arriving prom or departing to any Foreign or Colonial Port.

Vessels arriving for the purpose of shelter to pay only the rates per diem or per ton as per column No. 2.

1. For first week. 2. For any time after first week.

3d. per diem - 3d. per diem.

Is., - 6d.

2s., - . Is.

3s., - - 3d. per ton register for a period of 14 days. 5d. per ton register for a period of 14 days. Is. 6d., id. per ton for every subsequent week or part of a week. Ditto.

1885.

Ch. 41, 42.

267

Shannon Act, 1885;

II. — Wharfage.

For loading or landing. Tnrf, lime, limestone, building stone, flags, sand, gravel, ballast, marl, seaweed, and manures. id. per ton.

Ditto Timber, coal, iron ores and minerals, corn, meal, malt, flour, potatoes, bay, straw, and all goods not elsewhere enumerated. lid. per ton.

Ditto Pigs or sheep - 6d. per score.

Ditto Horses or cattle ..... Id. per head.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to provide for defraying the Expenditure on account of Greenwich Hospital directly out of the Revenues of Greenwich Hospital; to amend in other respects the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1883; and! to amend the law relating to the Naval Knights of Windsor.

[31st July 1885.]

WHEREAS the present practice of defraying the expenditure on account of Greenwich Hospital out of money provided in the first instance by Parliament, and subsequently repaid by Greenwich Hospital, is unnecessary and inconvenient:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for defraying such expenditure directly out of the revenues of Greenwich Hospital, and 28 & 2» Vict. c. 8o. in other respects to amend the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to

1 ft ft *4 . 35 & 36 Vict. c. 67.

AOO° ' 16 & 47 Vict. C. 82.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1885; short title and and this Act and the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1883, shall construction of be read and have effect together as one Act, and may be cited Act* together as the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1885.

2. All expenditure which under the Greenwich Hospital Acts, Expenditure to 1865 to 1883, is in the first instance defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament for the purpose, shall, as from the thirty-first of (ieenwich^ day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, be Hospital, defrayed directly out of the money for the time being standing to

the credit of the Greenwich Hospital Income Account.

If in any year the money standing to the credit of that account should prove inadequate to meet the expenditure chargeable on it, it shall be the duty of Her Majesty's Paymaster-General from time to time, under the direction of the Admiralty, to carry over from the Greenwich Hospital Capital Account such sums as may be required to make good any such deficiency.

3. A statement showing under proper heads the estimated income Annual esti-and expenditure of Greenwich Hospital for the current financial

year shall be annually laid by the Admiralty before Parliament, ment. and be submitted for approval by resolution of the House of Commons.

268

Ch. 42.

Greenwich Hospital Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

The Comptroller and Auditor General shall not allow as a charge against income any expenditure not covered by the sum total of the approved estimate of the year in which it comes in course of payment, unless the same shall have been specifically sanctioned by resolution of the House of Commons.

Amendment of 4. The duties of the Accountant General of the Navy under 28 & 29 Vict. section forty-seven of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, may c. 89. s. 47. henceforth be performed by such officer as the Admiralty may from time to time direct.

Amendment of 5. The total number of boys and girls being educated and main-35 & 36 Vict. tained under section five of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1872, at c' 6 '8' any one time shall not exceed such number as may from time to time be prescribed by Her Majesty in Council.

Exercise of 6. All powers authorities and duties conferred and imposed on AdiSraif Admiralty by or under the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865

under Grin- to 1883, or any of them, or any Act amending the same, may be wich Hospital exercised and performed by any one or more of the Lords Com -Acts. missioners or Secretaries of the Admiralty as the Admiralty may

from time to time by minute or otherwise see fit to direct.

Eligibility of 7. Whereas certain persons were incorporated by a Royal Charter retired captains under the name of the poor knights of Windsor of the founda-mandere for " tion Samuel Travers, Esquire, " and the persons eligible for appointment as appointment as such knights were superannuated or disabled lieu-of Windsor ^* tenants of English men-of-war:

And whereas by two Acts passed in the years one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one and one thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, it has been provided that the said poor knights should be styled naval knights, and that a lieutenant of the Royal Navy retired with the rank of commander should be eligible for appointment as one of such naval knights:

And whereas by reason of the insufficient number of persons suitable for appointment as naval knights of Windsor it is expedient to make commanders and captains on the retired list of the Royal Navy eligible for such appointment: Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

(1.) A retired officer of the Royal Navy, with the rank of captain or commander, if otherwise qualified, shall be eligible for appointment as one of the naval knights of Windsor:

(2.) A person who has been appointed as naval knight of Windsor shall not become disqualified by reason of his succeeding to the rank of a commander, or a captain, or a flag officer:

(3.) The said knights shall continue to be styled naval knights.

Repeal. 8. The enactments specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, but without prejudice to anything done or suffered before the passing of this Act; and without prejudice to repayment to the Consolidated Fund of all moneys provided by Parliament for the purposes of the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1883, for the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five; and such repayment shall take place as if this Act had not been passed.

1885. Greenwich Hospital 1885. Ch. 42.

THE SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Part L

Greenwich Hospital

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 89. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865. Sections nine, twenty-one, forty-eight, fifty, fifty-one, fifty-seven.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 100. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1870. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1872. The whole Act.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 67. - In section five the words "The " total number of boys and " girls being educated and " maintained under this section at any one time shall not " exceed fifty "; and sections six and seven.

46 & 47 Vict c. 32.- The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1883. Section five.

Part II.

Knights of Windsor Acts.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 116.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 100.

An Act for the appro- Section four, priation in favour of the military knights and the churches of Windsor of two of the canonries suspended in the chapel of Windsor, and for making certain provisions respecting the naval knights of Windsor.

The Naval Knights Section one. of Windsor Act,

1867.

* Note. — Sections ten and twelve of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1869, are repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act, 1883, 46 A47 Vict. c. 39.

270

Ch. 43.

National Debt Act, 1885.

48 & 49 Tier.

Short title and construction.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 54.

Temporary redaction of permanent annual charge for National Debt in 1885-6.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 54.

Further temporary reduction of permanent annual charge for National Debt in 1885-6 by suspension of new Sinking Fund.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to suspend for a period certain Payments on Annuities created under the National Debt Act, 1883; and to reduce for a like period the Permanent Annual Charge of the National Debt.

[31st July 1885.]

WHEREAS it is expedient by reason of the special war grant of eleven million pounds to provide for the application of part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, and with that object to suspend for a limited time the repayment out of such charge of part of the capital of the National Debt:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the National Debt Act, 1885, and shall be construed as one with the National Debt Act, 1883.

2. — (1.) In the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, the permanent annual charge for the National Debt shall be reduced by four millions six hundred and seventy-two thousand nine hundred and seventy-eight pounds below the amount at which it would be otherwise fixed by law.

(2.) For the purpose of giving effect to such reduction, the Treasury shall suspend in that year the payment of such portions of the instalments of the terminable annuities created under the National Debt Act, 1883, as may be certified to the Treasury under the hands of the Controller-General or Assistant-Controller, and of the Actuary of the National Debt Office, to be applicable to the replacement of capital; and for the purpose of saving the National Debt Commissioners from loss by the said suspension, the Treasury shall, by warrant to the Bank of England, prolong the said terminable annuities to such extent as may be necessary for the said purpose.

(3.) The provisions of the National Debt Act, 1883, respecting the creation of terminable annuities, shall apply to such prolongation, as if such prolongation were the creation of an annuity, and the extent of such prolongation shall accordingly be certified by the National Debt Commissioners.

3. In the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, the permanent annual charge for the National Debt shall be reduced below the amount at which it would otherwise be fixed by law by such sum as but for this section would, under section three of the Sinking Fund Act, 1875, form the new Sinking Fund.

1885.

271

Exchequer and Treasury Bills Act, 1885. Ch. 44, 45.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to raise the sum of Pour million pounds by Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six.

[31st July 1885.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Towards raising the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, at any time or times not later than the said thirty-first day of March, to raise any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole four million pounds, by the issue of Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills, in manner provided by the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866, and the Treasury Bills Act, 1877.

2. The interest on such Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge of the National Debt.

3. All money raised in pursuance of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

4. This Act may be cited as the Exchequer and Treasury Bills Act, 1885.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to acquire lands in London, Birmingham, Bristol, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the public service.

[31st July 1885.]

WHEREAS the buildings used as post offices in London, Birmingham, Bristol, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and the buildings used as the Post Office Savings Bank in London, afford inadequate accommodation for the purposes of the public service, and it is expedient that Her Majesty's Postmaster General (in this Act called " the Postmaster General ") should be empowered to acquire additional lands and erect additional buildings in manner in this Act provided, and to acquire the freehold and inheritance of a portion of the buildings now used by him under a lease for the purpose of the Post Office Savings Banks, but the objects aforesaid cannot be effected without the authority of Parliament:

Treasury may raise

4,000,000l. by Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 25.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.

[Short title.]

Interest on Exchequer and Treasury Bills. Money raised to be paid into Exchequer.

272

48 & 49 VICT.

[Short title.]

Incorporation of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 106. and 32 & 33 Vict. c. 18.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 106.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 18.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

Interpretation.

Power to acquire lands.

Correction of errors, &c.

Ch. 45. Post Office ([Sites) Act, 1885.

And whereas maps or plans showing the respectiv e lands to be acquired by the Postmaster General under the authority of this Act, with books of reference containing the names of the owners or reputed owners, lessees or reputed lessees, and occupiers of the lands which may be taken compulsorily under this Act, and describing those lands, have been deposited with the respective clerks of the peace for the counties of Middlesex, Warwick, Gloucester, and Northumberland, and the same are in this Act referred to as the deposited plans and books of reference:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Post Office (Sites) Act, 1885.

2. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts, 1845, 1860, and 1869 (in this Act called the Lands Clauses Acts), are, with the exception of the provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for affording access to the special Act, incorporated with and form part of this Act, subject to the following provisions (viz.):

(1.) In the construction of this Act and the Lands Clauses Acts this Act shall be deemed to be the special Act, and the Postmaster General shall be deemed to be the promoter of the undertaking.

(2.) The bond required by section eighty-five of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be under the corporate seal of the Postmaster General, and shall be sufficient without the addition of the sureties in the said section mentioned.

3. In this Act —

"The Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

" Person " includes a body of persons, corporate or unincorporate.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Act it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General to purchase and acquire for the purposes of this Act all or any of the lands shown and described on the deposited plans and in the books of reference.

Any lands acquired by the Postmaster General under the authority of this Act shall be vested in and be held by him in his corporate capacity and his successors on behalf of Her Majesty, Her heirs and successors, for the service of the Post Office.

5. If any omission, mis-statement, or erroneous description is found to have been made of any lands, or of any owners, lessees, or occupiers of any lands shown or described, or intended to be shown or described, on the deposited plans or in the books of reference, the Postmaster General may apply to two justices for the correction thereof, after giving ten days notice to the owners, lessees, or occupiers of the lands affected by the proposed correction; and if it appears to the justices that such omission, mis-statement, or erroneous description arose from mistake, they shall so certify, stating the particulars thereof, and their certificate shall be deposited as if the same had originally formed part of the deposited plans or books of reference (as the case may be), and shall be kept therewith, and shall be deemed to be part thereof, and thereupon the deposited plans or books of reference (as the case requires) shall be deemed

1885.

273

Post Office (Sites) Act, 1885. Ch. 45.

to be corrected according to the certificate, and that the Postmaster General may enter on, purchase, take, hold, and use the lands to which the certificate relates accordingly.

6. It shall be lawful for the Postmaster General and for his Power to Postsurvey ors, officers, and workmen at all reasonable times in the day-

time to enter into and upon any of the lands shown and described fQr t)ie purpose on the deposited plans and in the books of reference for the purpose of surveying, of surveying or valuing such lands on giving, for the first time, twenty-four hours, and afterwards from time to time twelve hours previous notice in writing to the owners or occupiers thereof.

7. From and after the time of the purchase of any lands under Diversion, &c. the authority of this Act it shall be lawful for the Postmaster cxtin^n^/ General to divert, alter, and stop up any street, road, way, passage, rights of laying and place situate within the limits of the property to be acquired pipe8 Md

as described in the deposited plans. ments^ '

Also, on such purchase as aforesaid by the Postmaster General of any lands under the authority of this Act, all rights of laying down or continuing any pipes, sewers, or drains on, through, or under such lands, or any part thereof, and all other public or private rights or easements in or relating to such lands or any part thereof, shall be extinguished, and the property in such pipes, sewers, or drains shall be vested in the Postmaster General in such capacity and on such trusts as aforesaid: Provided that any person may recover from the Postmaster General such compensation (if any) as he may be entitled to under the provisions of the Lands 8 & 9 Vict. Clauses Acts for any private rights or private property of which he vict

may be deprived in pursuance of this section, the amount of such c. 106 c compensation to be determined in manner provided by the said 32 & 33 Vict. Lands Clauses Acts, or the Postmaster General may at his discretion c*18, grant rights and easements in lieu of any rights or easements extinguished under this Act and in substitution for money payments or other considerations; and if any person is dis-satisfied with the exercise of such power he may proceed in the manner prescribed by section sixty-eight of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845:

Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorise the Postmaster General to stop up the public passage or footway known as Bell Yard, in the parish of St. Gregory by St. Paul, in the city of London; but the Postmaster General may divert or alter such thoroughfare or passage during the progress of, and so far as may be necessary for, any works under the authority of this Act, but no longer.

8. When any of the works to be executed by virtue of this Act For protection shall pass over, under, or pass by the side of, so as to damage ^onei-sTf8" or interfere with, any sewer, drain, watercourse, defence, or work Sewers, under the jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers of the City

of London, or with any sewers or works to be made or executed by the said Commissioners, such works so to be executed by the Postmaster General in pursuance of this Act shall be so carried out under the following conditions:

(1.) Before commencing such work Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall give the engineer or surveyor of the said Commissioners twenty-eight days notice in writing of his intention to commence such works, and with such notice shall be left

274

Ch. 45. Post Office (Sites) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

a plan and section showing the course and inclination of such proposed works.

(2.) In case the Commissioners of Sewers shall require any alteration to be made therein they shall give, before the expiration of the said twenty-eight days, written notice of such requirement to Her Majesty's Postmaster General, and the Postmaster General shall, subject to the provisions herein-after stated with respect to arbitration, comply therewith.

(3.) The alterations so required by the said Commissioners shall be executed by or under the superintendence and control of the engineer or surveyor or other officer of the said Commissioners.

(4.) All reasonable costs, charges, and expenses which the said Commissioners maybe put to or incur in the execution of such alterations shall be paid to the said Commissioners by Her Majesty's Postmaster General for the time being.

(5.) In case of disputes between Her Majesty's Postmaster General and the said Commissioners of Sewers either as to the alterations required by such Commissioners or as to the costs, charges, and expenses of such alterations, or any other matter or thing relating thereto, the same shall be settled by an arbitrator to be agreed upon by Her Majesty's Postmaster General and the said Commissioners of Sewers, or, failing such agreement, by an arbitrator to be appointed by the Board of Trade. (6.) Any works, whether altered or substituted, or any defence connected with such works, whether altered or substituted, shall be as fully and completely under the jurisdiction and control of the said Commissioners as any sewers or works now are.

tecti*16 pro" Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall not break up or discreet* o/the s^ree^ or plac other than a street or place which he is

City of London, authorised by this Act to stop up, or the pavement thereof, under the control or direction of the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, unless at least twenty-eight days previous notice in writing of his intention so to do, specifying the street, place, or pavement intended to be broken up or disturbed, be given to the engineer or surveyor of such Commissioners, or left for him at his office or at the office of such .Commissioners, and Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall attend to the directions of such engineer or surveyor with a view to secure a free passage of traffic in such streets and places and to prevent needless injury to the street, and shall not open more of such streets or places at one time than such engineer or surveyor shall in writing authorise; and when Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall break up or disturb any such street, place, or pavement he shall, so soon as) the works affecting it are completed, and at the furthest within three months, or such extended fperiod as may be agreed upon between Her Majesty's Postmaster General and such Commissioners, from the day on which those works were begun, restore the street, place, or pavement to as good a condition as it was in when it was broken up or disturbed, under the superintendence and to the reasonable satisfaction of the engineer or surveyor of the Commissioners; and Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall save harmless and keep indemnified the said

1885.

Ch. 45.

275

Post Office (iSites) Act, 1885.

Commissioners and their successors against any expenses consequent on any such works: Provided always, that in the event of difference arising between Her Majesty's Postmaster General and the Commissioners as to any matter or thing in this clause contained, the same shall be determined by an arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon, or, failing such agreement, by an arbitrator to be named by the Board of Trade.

10. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, diminish, alter, or take a\^ay any of the rights, powers, or authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London; and all lands within the City of London purchased by the Postmaster General in pursuance of this Act, which were at the time of such purchase subject to land tax or poor or other rates, shall continue liable thereto, but they shall not be assessed to any tax or rate at higher rateable value than that at which they were assessed at the time of the passing of this Act.

11. Any land which Her Majesty's Postmaster General may acquire under this Act, and which may abut upon King Edward Street, Angel Street, St. Martin's-le-Grand, and Aldersgate Street, in the City of London, shall not be built on beyond the line shown on the plan signed in duplicate by the Eight Honourable George John Shaw Lefevre, chairman of the Select Committee of the House of Commons to which the Bill for this Act was referred, one copy of such plan to be deposited and preserved at the office of Her Majesty's Commissioners of Works and Public Buildings, and the other copy to be deposited and preserved at the office of the Commissioners of Sewers in the City of London.

12. The Postmaster General, before stopping up and appropriating the sites of any streets, roads, ways, passages, or other places in the City of London, wherein there are mains, pipes, or other property relating to the supply of water of, or belonging to, the New River Company, shall give to the New River Company one month's notice of his intention so to do; and the New River Company shall at any time during one mopth from such stopping up and appropriation be entitled to enter upon all or any of the sites so appropriated, and to take up and remove their mains, pipes, and other property therefrom, and the Postmaster General shall pay to the New River Company on demand all the costs and expenses of and incident to such removal.

If after the appropriation of any such sites the Postmaster General should cause any buildings or other works to be erected thereon before the New River Company have removed their mains, pipes, and other works, or do any other act whereby the New River Company would be prevented from taking up and removing their mains, pipes, or other property therefrom, he shall pay to the New River Company the full value of all the said mains, pipes, and other property, and make full compensation for any other loss or injury caused thereby.

13. If in the removal and pulling down of any buildings, or in raising or lowering the ground of any street or way, it shall be necessary to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the position relatively to the surface of the ground of any main or service pipe or other apparatus laid down or used by the Gaslight and Coke Company, or connected with any house or building for the supply of gas, one month's notice shall be given to the said company previously to

Saving right? of Commissioners of Sewers.

Certain lands not to be built on.

For the protection of the New River Company.

For the protection of the Gaslight and Coke Company.

276

Ch. 45.

Post Office (Sites) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

the commencement of any such work, which shall be executed to the reasonable satisfaction of the engineer of the said company, or, in case of difference, of an engineer to be selected by the Board of Trade, and every such work shall be so executed as to cause as little inconvenience as circumstances will admit to the said company; and Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall make compensation to the said company for all loss or damage, if any, which may be occasioned by the execution of the works by this Act authorised, or any or either of them.

Power to pull 14. It shall be lawful for the Postmaster General to pull down "i^gs and remove all or any buildings erected on any lands purchased by chased and*" him. under the authority of this Act, and on the land so purchased build others, to construct buildings and works for the service of the Post Office, and to make such approaches, and widening and alteration of thoroughfares, and do all such other things as in his opinion are necessary or expedient for the execution of any of the purposes of this Act.

As to claims 15. Claims for compensation made on the Postmaster General t?onby tenants un<^er the provisions of this Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, from year to shall, if the person claiming compensation has no greater interest than as tenant for a year, or from year to year, in the lands in respect of which compensation is claimed, be determined in manner provided by section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

16. The Postmaster General (with the consent of the Treasury) and any person may enter into contracts and agreements with reference to the formation, diversion, or alteration of streets and highways within the towns and places to which this Act refers, and with reference to a sale, lease, or exchange of land therein, and may make money payments in respect thereof.

17. The limit of time for the compulsory purchase of lands under this Act shall be three years.

18. No purchase shall be made by the Postmaster General under the authority of this Act without the sanction^ of the Treasury, but

purcbwe under such sanction may be given either generally or in respect of any this Act. particular purchase or purchases, and a vendor to or purchaser'from the Postmaster General shall not be bound or entitled to inquire whether such sanction has been given.

Exemption 19. All buildings to be erected in pursuance of this Act shall be jrom Bui dings exempt from the operation of the Metropolitan Buildings Act, 1855, and any Act amending the same.

20. All moneys payable by the Postmaster General with respect to the purchase and acquisition of lands under this Act, and all costs, charges, and expenses incurred by the Postmaster General in or connected with the carrying into effect of the provisions of this Act, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

year.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

Power to enter into agreements.

Time for compulsory purchase.

Sanction of Treasury required to

Act to be carried out by means of moneys provided by Parliament.

1885. Medical Relief Disqualification Removal Act, 1885. Ch. 4G. 277

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to prevent Medical Relief disqualifying a person from voting.

[6th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. This Act may be cited as the Medical Relief Disqualification short title. Removal Act, 1885.

2.-0.)[Where a person has in any part of the United Kingdom Medical relief received for" himself, or for any member of his family, any medical not dis' or surgical assistance, or any medicine at the expense of any poor qua 1 y* rate, such person shall not by reason thereof be deprived of any right to be registered or to vote either —

(a) as a parliamentary voter; or

(6) as a voter at any municipal election; or

(c) as a burgess; or

(d) as a voter at any election to an office under the provisions of any statute; Jj but nothing in this section shall apply to the election —

(a) of any guardian of the poor; or

(b) of any uember of any parochial board in Scotland; or

(c) of any ether body acting in the distribution of relief to the poor from the poor rate.

(2.) Every ptrson shall be qualified to be registered as a voter and to vote as aforesaid who would be so qualified if the provisions of this Act had come into force on the fifteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

3. — (1.) In th< year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, Provision for in England, gheie the overseers have entered " objected " against t

the names or anj persons in the list of ownership voters or in the pr sen

old lodgers list, or have omitted the names of any voters from any list of voters made by them, and such entry or omission has been,

made on the ground only of those persons having received such y

medical or surgical assistance or medicine as in this Act mentioned, and such lames would not if this Act had previously passed have been so objected to or omitted, the overseers shall make a list of such persons, and such list shall be published, revised, and dealt with in ill respects as if it were part of the list of claimants in respect of the occupation of property with the qualifications following (nanely):—

The r»vising barrister shall, without the appearance of or any projf by any such person, retain his name in the list made by the overseers under this section, unless he is objected to, and the objector proves that such person is not entitled to be regis-tend; and if such objection is made the revising barrister shdl, notwithstanding the absence of the said person, take the . evdence of the overseers as to his right to be registered.

Any person whose name ought to have been inserted in the list node by the overseers under this section, and has been omitted tlerefrom, may claim to have his name inserted in the lists of

278

Definition of medical and surgical assistance.

[Short title.]

Provision of office accommodation out of surplus funds payable to Treasury under

46 & 47 Vict. c. 52. s. 76.

Ch. 46, 47. Medical Relief DisquxdijicationRemoval Act 48 & 49 Vict;

voters by giving to the overseers, within six days after the publication of such lists, notice of such claim in the manner and form provided by law with respect to other claims, and the overseers shall produce all such claims to the revising banister, and he shall revise and deal with the same in like manner as with ordinary claims.

(2.) The clerk of the peace or town clerk shall insert in their proper place in the register the names of the persons in the said list, when revised.

(3.) Every clerk of the peace and town clerk acting under the Acts relating to the registration of parliamentary voters shall forthwith after the passing of this Act issue precepts to the overseers informing them of their duties under it; provided that this Act shall not be construed to create any disability where such disability does not now exist.J

4. The term "medical or surgical assistance " in this Act shaft include all medical and surgical attendance, and all matters and things supplied by or on the recommendation of the medical officer having authority to give such attendance and recommendation at the expense of any poor rate.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to enable the Treasury to provide out of surplus funds arising under the Bankruptcy Act. 1883, office accommodation for officers appointed unde? the said Act.

[6th lugust 1885J

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Bankruptcy (Office Accommodation) Act, 1885, and shall be read as one with the Bankruptcy-Act, 1883.

2. The Treasury from time to time out of any surplus paid over to them out of the Bankruptcy Estates Account in puisuance of section seventy-six of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, may pay such sums as they consider necessary for defraying the expenses of providing office accommodation for any officer or officers appointed by the Board of Trade under the said Act.

If after any sum is so expended the Board of Trade lotify to the Treasury that an amount is required to answer the iemands in respect of bankrupts estates, and the securities and moneys held by the Treasury on the account mentioned in the saic section seventy-six are insufficient to pay the amount so required, the Treasury shall, for the purpose of meeting the deficiency, clarge on and pay out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, the sum expended in pursuance of this section, >r such part thereof as appears to them to be required.

1885.

Ch. 48.

279 *

Earldom of Mar Restitution Act, 1885.

VICTORIA R.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act for restitution of the ancient dignity and title of Earl of Mar.

[6th August 1885.]

WHEREAS Isabella Countess of Mar in the peerage of Scotland, being by lawful descent from her ancestors entitled to the ancient territorial earldom of Mar, did, on the ninth day of December one thousand four hundred and four, intermarry with Alexander Stewart, and by a Charter of the same date (which was afterwards confirmed by a Charter of Robert the Third, King of the Scots), granted to the said Alexander Stewart the earldom of Mar and the lands therein mentioned, to hold to him and the heirs between him and herself begotten, whom failing, to her lawful heirs on either side:

And whereas the said Isabella Countess of Mar died in or soon after the year one thousand four hundred and seven without having had any issue; and during the interval between her death and the year one thousand five hundred and sixty-five the succession and inheritance to the said earldom which she had so inherited as aforesaid was treated by successive Kings of the Scots as if the same had been lawfully surrendered or merged in the Crown:

And whereas in the year one thousand five hundred and sixty-five, John, then Lord Erskine, was the lawful heir general of the said Countess Isabella who, if the said ancient territorial earldom of Mar, and the dignity of Earl of Mar in the peerage of Scotland, had not been by any lawful means extinguished, was then entitled thereto:

And whereas by a Charter bearing date the twenty-third day of June one thousand five hundred and sixty-five, after reciting that Isabella Countess of Mar was the hereditary proprietor of the earldom of Mar and of the lordship and regality of Garioch, and that the said John Lord Erskine had then the undoubted hereditary right of the said earldom, lordship, and regality, notwithstanding that his predecessors were kept out of the same partly by reason of the quarrels occurring at the time, and partly by the unjust refutations and hindrances made by obstinate and partial rulers and officers, refusing the reasonable prayers and petitions made by the predecessors of the said John Lord Erskine often and earnestly praying and soliciting their entry to the hereditary possession of the same, Mary, Queen of the Scots, did, for those and other considerations therein mentioned, and also as being moved by conscience to restore the lawful heirs to their just inheritances, give and grant to the said John Lord Erskine, his heirs and assigns hereditarily, all and whole the said earldom of Mar containing the lands therein mentioned, and all and singular the lands of the said lordship and regality of Garioch:

And whereas on and after the first day of August one thousand five hundred and sixty-five the said John Lord Erskine sat as Earl of Mar in the Privy Council of Scotland, and between that date and the time of the union between the Crowns of England and Scotland

280

Ch. 48. Earldom of Mar Restitution Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

he and his successors in the direct male line sat as Earls of Mar in the Parliament of Scotland:

And whereas from the time of the said union till the nineteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifteen the descendants of the said John Lord Erskine in the direct male line continued to hold and to enjoy the title and dignity of Earls of Mar in the peerage of Scotland:

And whereas by an Act passed in the first year of King George the First, John, then Earl of Mar, was, as from the nineteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, attainted of high treason:

And whereas by another Act passed in the fifth year of .King George the Fourth, after reciting that John Francis Erskine, Esquire, of Mar, was the grandson and lineal representative of the said John Earl of Mar, it was enacted that the said John Francis Erskine, and all other persons who would be entitled after him to succeed to the honours, dignities, and titles of Earl of Mar, in case the said Act of the first year of King George the First had not been made, should be and they were thereby restored to the honours, dignities, and titles of Earl of Mar, with all rights, privileges, and pre-eminences thereunto belonging, as fully, amply, and honourably as if the said Act had never been made, notwithstanding the said Act, or corruption of blood thereupon ensuing:

And whereas after the passing of the said last-mentioned Act the earldom of Mar thereby restored, descended successively to the son and grandson of the said John Francis Erskine; and, upon the death of his grandson John Francis Miller, Earl of Mar, without issue in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, the right of succession to the ancient honour and dignity of Earl of Mar was claimed by his nephew and heir general, John Francis Erskine Goodeve Erskine (who is now the lawful heir general of the said Isabella Countess of Mar and of the said John Lord Erskine respectively):

And whereas in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven Walter Coningsby Earl of. Kellie, a grandson and then heir of the aforesaid John Francis Earl of Mar, the grandfather of the said John Francis Miller Earl of Mar (who was himself heir in the direct male line of the said John Lord Erskine), presented his petition to Her Majesty, claiming to be entitled to the honour and dignity of Earl of Mar, which petition was in the usual manner referred to the House of Lords, and was considered and heard by the Committee of Privileges of the House of Lords:

And whereas on such hearing and consideration the said Committee of Privileges was of opinion that the said Charter of restitution of Mary Queen of the Scots did not operate or extend to restore to John, then Lord Erskine, the ancient honour, dignity, and title of peerage of Earl of Mar, but only to restore to and re-vest in him the lands belonging to the said ancient territorial earldom; and that in the year one thousand five hundred and sixty-five a new honour, dignity, and title of peerage as Earl of Mar, descendible to the heirs male of his body, was created by Mary Queen of the Scots in favour of the said John Lord Erskine:

1885.

281

Earldom of Mar Restitution Act, 1885. Ch. 48.

And whereas upon the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five the House of Lords, upon the report of the said Committee of Privileges, resolved that Walter Henry Earl of Kellie (to whom, by the death of his father the said Walter Coningsby Earl of Kellie, the right and title of his said father had then descended) had made out his claim to the honour and dignity of Earl of Mar in the peerage of Scotland created in one thousand five hundred and sixty-five, and the right of the said Walter Henry Earl of Kellie to such last-mentioned honour and dignity was thereby established:

And whereas doubts may exist whether the said ancient honour, dignity, and title of peerage of Earl of Mar, which so descended to the said Isabella Countess of Mar as aforesaid, was or was not, previously to the said year one thousand five hundred and sixty-five, by any lawful means surrendered or merged in the Crown:

And whereas until the decision of the House of Lords upon the claim of the said Earl of Kellie the said ancient honour, dignity, and title of peerage of Earl of Mar was commonly reputed to be still subsisting, and to have been enjoyed and possessed by the said John Lord Erskine, his heirs and successors:

And whereas the said John Francis Erskine Goodeve Erskine hath upon all occasions conducted himself loyally and dutifully towards Your Majesty, and it is expedient that he should be placed by the authority of Parliament in the same position as if the honours, dignities, and titles of peerage which anciently belonged to the said territorial earldom of Mar had not been treated as if they had been surrendered or merged in the Crown, or had been by the said Charter of restitution of Mary Queen of the Scots expressly and effectually restored to the said John Lord Erskine:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The said John Francis'Erskine Goodeve Erskine, and all other persons who would be entitled after him to succeed to the honours, dignities, and titles of peerage anciently belonging to or enjoyed and held with the territorial earldom of Mar, which so descended to Isabella Countess of Mar as aforesaid, in case the said honours, dignities, and titles had never been by any lawful means forfeited or surrendered, or in case (being so forfeited or surrendered) they had been expressly and effectually restored to the said John Lord Erskine and his lawful heirs general by the herein-before recited Charter of Mary Queen of the Scots, shall be, and they are hereby restored to the said ancient honours, dignities, and titles of peerage, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the same had, without any impediment, descended to the said John Lord Erskine, or had been duly expressly and effectually restored to the said John Lord Erskine and his lawful heirs general by the said Charter of Mary Queen of the Scots, or by other means effectual in law.

2. Nothing herein contained shall affect or in any manner prejudice the right or title of Walter Henry now Earl of Mar and Kellie, his heirs and successors, or other the heirs for the time being in the

Restitution of ancient

honours, dignities, and titles of Mar.

Saving rights of Walter Henry Earl of Mar and Kellie.

282

Order and precedence.

[Short title.]

Confirmation of Convention.

Punishment for violation of Article 2 of Convention.

Ch. 48, 49. Earldom of Mar Restitution Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

direct male line of the said John Lord Erskine, to the honour and dignity of Earl of Mar in the peerage of Scotland, created in one thousand five hundred and sixty-five, or the right or title of the said Walter Henry Earl of Mar and Kellie or any other person to any lands or heritage in Scotland or elsewhere.

3. From and after the passing of this Act the earldom of Mar hereby restored shall be called at all elections of representative Peers for Scotland next after the Earldom of Sutherland; and the earldom of Mar now vested in the said Walter Henry Earl of Mar and Kellie shall be called at all such elections in the place and order properly belonging to an earldom created in the year one thousand five hundred and sixty-five; anything in the Decreet of Ranking made on the fifth day of March one thousand six hundred and six, under the Commission issued by James the Sixth, then King of the Scots, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to carry into effect an International Convention for the Protection of Submarine Telegraph Cables.

6th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Submarine Telegraph Act, 1885.

2. The Convention of the fourteenth of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four mentioned in the schedule to this Act as set forth in that schedule is hereby confirmed, and subject to the provisions of this Act the articles of such Convention (referred to in this Act as the Convention) shall be of the same force as if they were enacted in the body of this Act.

3. (1.) A person shall not unlawfully and wilfully, or by culpable negligence, break or injure any submarine cable to which the Convention for the time being applies, in such manner as might interrupt or obstruct in whole or in part telegraphic communication.

(2.) Any person who acts or attempts to act in contravention of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and on conviction — (a.) if he acted wilfully, shall be liable to penal servitude for a term not exceeding five years, or to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years and to a tine either in lieu of or in addition to such penal servitude or imprisonment; and (6.) if he acted by culpable negligence, shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, without hard labour, and to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds either in lieu of or in addition to such imprisonment.

(3.) Where a person does any act with the object of preserving the life or limb of himself or of any other person, or of preserving the vessel to which he belongs or any other vessel, and takes all

1885.

283

Submarine Telegraph Act, 1885. Ch. 49.

reasonable precautions to avoid injury to a submarine cable, such person shall not be deemed to have acted unlawfully and wilfully within the meaning of this section. '

(4.) A person shall not be deemed to have unlawfully and wilfully broken or injured any submarine cable, where in the bona fide attempt to repair another submarine cable injury has been done to such first-mentioned cable, or the same has been broken; but this shall not apply so as to exempt such person from any liability under this Act or otherwise to pay the cost of repairing such breakage or injury.

(5.) Any person who within or (being a subject of Her Majesty) without Her Majesty's dominions in any manner procures, counsels, aids, abets, or is accessory to the commission of any offence under this section, shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be liable to be tried and punished for the offence as if he had been guilty as a principal.

4. Article four of the schedule to this Act shall not apply to that part of a cable which is laid in a depth of water exceeding one hundred fathoms; but nothing in the Convention or this Act shall take away, prejudice, or affect any right or remedy to which by law any party is or may be entitled otherwise than under the provisions of the Convention or this Act.

5. (1.) It is hereby declared that the enactments of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1862, and the enactments amending the same, touching regulations as to lights and to signals and for the avoiding of collisions, shall extend to authorise regulations for carrying into effect Articles five and six of the schedule to this Act, within as well as without the territorial waters of Her Majesty's dominions, and regulations may be made, applied, altered, and revoked, and the contravention thereof punished accordingly under the said enactments, and section six of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, shall extend to the enforcement of the said regulations as regards sea fishing boats within the limits of that Act.

(2.) If any vessel engaged in the laying or repairing of a submarine cable to which the Convention for the time being applies, interferes contrary to the said regulations or articles with' any vessel engaged in fishing, or if the operations of any vessel in connexion with any such submarine cable are wilfully delayed so as to interfere with sea fishing, the master of the vessel, or the owner thereof, if it appear that he was in fault, shall be deemed guilty of a breach of the said regulations and may be punished accordingly.

6. (1.) For the purpose of carrying into effect the Convention, a person commanding a ship of war of Her Majesty or of any foreign state for the time being bound by the Convention, or a ship specially commissioned for the purpose of the Convention by Her Majesty or by the government of such foreign state, may exercise and perform the powers and duties vested in and imposed on such officer by any article in the Schedule to this Act.

(2.) If any person obstructs any such officer in such exercise or performance, or refuses or neglects to comply with any demand or direction lawfully made or given by him in pursuance of this Act, such person shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not

Limitation of Article four of Convention.

Application of law as to lights and signals for carrying into effect Articles five and six of Convention.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 63.

Powers of British and foreign officers.

284 Ch. 49. Submarine Telegraph Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

exceeding fifty pounds, or to be imprisoned for a term not exceeding two months, with or without hard labour.

(3.) Any action, prosecution, or proceeding against any officer for any act done in pursuance or execution or intended execution of this Act, or in respect of any alleged neglect or default in the execution of this Act, shall not lie or be instituted unless it is commenced within twelve months next after the act, neglect, or default complained of.

(4.) In any such action tender of amends before the action was commenced may, in lieu of or in addition to any other plea, be pleaded. If the action was commenced after such tender, or is proceeded with after payment into court of any money in satisfaction of the plaintiff's claim, and the plaintiff does not recover more than the sum tendered or paid, he shall not recover any costs incurred after such tender or payment, and the defendants shall be entitled to costs, to be taxed as between solicitor and client, as from the time of such tender or payment.

(5.) Every such action shall be brought in one of Her Majesty's superior courts in the United Kingdom (which courts shall have jurisdiction to try the same wherever the matter complained of occurred) or in a supreme court in India or in a court exercising in a British possession the like authority as the High Court of Justice in England, but in no other court whatsoever, incorporation 7. Part X. of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854 (which relates of Part X. of to legal procedure), and the enactments amending the same, so far Vict* as unrepealed, shall have effect as if enacted in this Act, and offences under this Act may be tried, and fines under this Act recovered accordingly, save that nothing in the said part shall authorise the award of any punishment not authorised by this Act, or the summary prosecution of any indictable offence under this Act. Evidence. 8. (1.) Any document drawn up in pursuance of Article seven

or Article ten of the schedule to this Act shall be admissible in any proceeding, civil or criminal, as prim a facie evidence of the facts or matters therein stated.

(2.) If evidence contained in any such document was taken on oath in the presence of the person charged in such evidence, and such person had an opportunity of cross-examining the person giving such evidence and of making his reply to such evidence, the officer drawing up such document may certify the said facts, or any of them.

(3.) Any document or certificate in this section mentioned purporting to be signed by an officer authorised to act under the Schedule to this Act for carrying into effect the Convention, shall be admissible in evidence without proof of such signature, and, if purporting to be signed by any other person, shall, if certified by any such officer to have been so signed, be deemed until the contrary is proved to have been signed by such other person.

(4.) If any person forges the signature of any such officer to any such document as above mentioned, or makes use of any such document knowing the signature thereto to be forged, such person shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months with or without hard labour, and on conviction on indictment to

285

1885. Svbumrine Telegraph, 1885. Ch. 49.

imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding two years.

9. Where any offence against this Act has been committed by means of a vessel, or of any boat belonging to a vessel, the master of such vessel shall, until some other person is shown to have been in charge of and navigating such vessel or boat, be deemed to have been in charge of and navigating the same, and be liable to be punished accordingly.

10. The provisions of this Act shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any other provisions existing at common law or under Act of Parliament or under the law of a British possession for the protection of submarine cables; and nothing in this Act shall prevent any person being liable under any Act of Parliament, law of a British possession, or otherwise to any indictment, proceeding, punishment, or penalty other than is provided for any offence by this Act, so that no person shall be punished twice for the same offence; and nothing in this Act, nor any proceedings with respect to any matter, shall exempt a person from any liability in any action or suit with reference to the same matter so that no person shall be required to pay compensation twice in respect of the same injury.

11. This Act shall so far as such extension is consistent with the tenor of this Act extend to the whole of Her Majesty's dominions, and to all places within the jurisdiction of the Admiral of England, and to all places where Her Majesty has jurisdiction.

12. In th is Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression "vessel" means every description of vessel used in navigation in whatever way it is propelled; and any reference to a vessel shall include a reference to a boat belonging to such vessel:

The expression "master " includes every person having command or charge of a vessel:

The expression "British possession " includes any part of Her Majesty's dominions exclusive of the United Kingdom:

The expression "person " includes a body of persons corporate or unincorporate.

13. This Act shall come into force on such day as may be fixed by a notice in that behalf published in the London Gazette, and if the Convention ceases to be binding on Her Majesty, shall cease to be of any effect.

Liability of masters of vessels.

Savings.

Extent of Act.

Definitions.

Commencement and continuance of Act.

SCHEDULE.

SUBMARINE TELEGRAPHS CONVENTION.

Convention for the preservation of telegraphic communications by means of submarine telegraphs made on the 14th of March 1884, between Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Empress of india, His Majesty the German Emperor, King of Prussia, His Excellency the President of the Argentine Confederation, His Majesty the Emperor of Austria, King of Bohemia, &c., and Apostolic King of Hungary, His Majesty the King of the Belgians, His Majesty the Emperor of' Brazil, His Excellency the President of the Republic of Costa jRica, His Majesty the King of Denmark, His Excellency the President of the Dominican Republic, His Majesty the King of Spain, His Excellency the President of the United States of America, His Excellency the President of the United States of Colombia, His Excellency

286 Ch. 49. Submarine Telegraph Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

the President of the French Republic, His Excellency the President of the Republic of Guatemala, His Majesty the King of the Hellenes, His Majesty the King of Italy, His Majesty the Emperor of the Ottomans, His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, Grand Duke of Luxemburg, His Majesty the Shah of Persia, His Majesty the King of Portugal and the Algarves, His Majesty the King of Roumania, His Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias, His Excellency the President of the Republic of Salvador, His Majesty the King of Servia, His Majesty the King of Sweden and of Norway, and his Excellency the President of the Oriental Republic of the Uruguay.

The following is an English translation of the Convention with the omission of the formal beginning and end: —

ARTICLE I.

The present Convention applies outside territorial waters to all legally established submarine cables landed on the territories, colonies, or possessions of one or more of the High Contracting Parties.

ARTICLE II.

It is a punishable offence to break or injure a submarine cable, wilfully or by culpable negligence, in such manner as might interrupt or obstruct telegraphic communication, either wholly or partially, such punishment being without prejudice to any civil action for damages.

This provision does not apply to cases where those who break or injure a cable do so with the lawful object of saving their lives or their ship, after they have taken every necessary precaution to avoid so breaking or injuring the cable.

ARTICLE III.

The High Contracting Parties undertake that, on granting a concession for landing a submarine cable, they will insist, so far as possible, upon proper measures of safety being taken, both as regards the track of the cable and its dimensions.

ARTICLE IV.

The owner of a cable who, on laying or repairing his own cable breaks or injures another cable, must bear the cost of repairing the breakage or injury, without prejudice to the application, if need be, of Article II. of the present Convention.

ARTICLE V.

Vessels engaged in laying or repairing submarine cabled shall conform to the regulations as to signals which have been, or may be, adopted by mutual agreement among the High Contracting Parties, with the view of preventing collisions at sea.

When a ship engaged in repairing a cable exhibits the said signals, other vessels which see them, or are able to see them, shall withdraw to or keep beyond a distance of one nautical mile at least from the ship in question, so as not to interfere with her operations.

Fishing gear and nets shall be kept at the same distance.

Nevertheless, fishing vessels which see or are able to see a telegraph ship exhibiting the said signals shall be allowed a period of twenty-four hours at most within which to obey the notice so given, during which time they shall not be interfered with in any way.

The operations of the telegraph ships shall be completed as quickly as possible.

ARTICLE VI.

Vessels which see, or are able to see, the buoys showing the position of a cable when the latter is being laid, is out of order, or is broken, shall keep beyond a distance of one quarter of a nautical mile at least from the said buoys.

Fishing nets and gear shall be kept at the same distance.

ARTICLE VII.

Owners of ships or vessels who can prove that they have sacrificed an anchor, a net, or other fishing gear in order to avoid injuring a submarine cable shall receive compensation from the owner of the cable.

In order to establish a claim to such compensation, a statement, supported by the evidence of the crew, should, whenever possible, be drawn up immediately after the

1885. Submarine Telegraph Act, 1885, Ch. 49. 287

occurrence; and the master must, within twenty-four hours after his return to, or next putting into port, make a declaration to the proper authorities.

The latter shall communicate the information to the consular authorities of the country to which the owner of the cable belongs.

ARTICLE VIII.

The tribunals competent to take cognizance of infractions of the present Convention are those of the country to which the vessel on board of which the offence was committed belongs.

It is, moreover, understood that, in cases where the provisions in the previous paragraph cannot apply, offences against the present Convention will be dealt with in each -of the Contracting States in accordance, so far as the subjects and citizens of those States respectively are concerned, with the general rules of criminal jurisdiction prescribed by the laws of that particular State, or by international treaties.

ARTICLE IX.

Prosecutions for infractions provided against by Articles II., V., and VI. of the present Convention shall be instituted by the State, or in its name.

ARTICLE X.

Offences against the present Convention may be verified by all means of proof allowed by the legislation of the country of the court. When the officers commanding the ships of war, or ships specially commissioned for the purpose by one of the high contracting parties, have reason to believe that an infraction of the measures provided for in the present Convention has been committed by a vessel other than a vessel of war, they may demand from the captain or master the production of the official documents proving the nationality of the said vessel. The fact of such document having been exhibited shall then be endorsed upon it immediately. Further, formal statements of the facts may be prepared by the said officers, whatever may be the nationality of the vessel incriminated. These formal statements shall be drawn up in the form and in the language used in the country to which the officer making them belongs; they may be considered, in the country where they are adduced, as evidence in accordance with the laws of that country. The accused and the witnesses shall have the right to add, or to have added, thereto, in their own language, any explanations they may consider useful. These declarations shall be duly signed.

ARTICLE XI.

The proceedings and trial in cases of infraction of the provisions of the present Convention shall always take place as summarily as the laws and regulations in force will permit.

ARTICLE XII.

The High Contracting Parties engage to take or to propose to their respective Legislatures the necessary measures for insuring the execution of the present Convention, and especially for punishing, by either fine or imprisonment, or both, those who contravene the provisions of Articles II., V., and VI.

ARTICLE XIII.

The High Contracting Parties will communicate to each other laws already made, or which may hereafter be made, in their respective countries relating to the object of the present Convention.

ARTICLE XIV.

States which have not signed the present Convention may adhere to it on making a request to that effect. This adhesion shall be notified through the diplomatic channel to the Government of the French Republic, and by the latter to the other Signatory Powers.

ARTICLE XV.

It is understood that the stipulations of the present Convention do not in any way restrict the freedom of action of belligerents.

T

288

Ch. 49, 50.

Submarine Telegraph Act, 1885.

48 & 49 Vict.

ARTICLE XVI.

The present Convention shall be brought into force on a day to be agreed upon by the High Contracting Powers.

It shall remain in force for five years from that day, and unless any of the High Contracting Parties have announced, twelve months before the expiration of the said period of five years, its intention to terminate its operation, it shall continue in force for a period of one year, and so on from year to year.

If one of the Signatory Powers denounce the Convention, such denunciation shall have effect only as regards that Power.

ARTICLE XVII.

The present Convention shall be ratified, and the ratifications exchanged at Paris with as little delay as possible, and, at the latest, at the expiration of a year.

ADDITIONAL ARTICLE.

The stipulations of the Convention concluded under today's date for the protection of submarine cables shall be applicable, in conformity with Article I., to the colonies and possessions of Her Britannic Majesty, with the exception of those herein-after mentioned, namely: —

Canada.

Newfoundland.

The Cape.

Natal.

New South Wales.

Victoria.

Queensland.

Tasmania.

South Australia.

Western Australia.

New Zealand.

Provided always, that the stipulations of the said Convention shall be applicable to any of the above-named colonies or possessions on whose behalf notice to that effect shall have been given by Her Britannic Majesty's Representative at Paris to the French Minister for Foreign Affairs.

Each of the above-named colonies or possessions which may have acceded to the said Convention shall be at liberty to withdraw from it in the same manner as the powers parties to it. In the event of any of the said colonies or possessions desiring to withdraw from the Convention, a notification to that effect shall be made by Her Britannic Majesty's Representative at Paris to the French Minister for Foreign Affaire.

CHAPTER 50,

An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes.

[6th August 1885.]

WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875, (in this Act referred to 'as "the Act of 1875, ") the raising of money by the Metropolitan Board of Works (in this Act referred to as " the Board ") for the purposes therein specified was regulated, and provision was made requiring that the borrowing powers granted to the Board by Parliament for the purposes therein named should for the future be limited both in time and amount: And whereas by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884, (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1884, ") the Board were

289

1885. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885. Ch. 50.

empowered to raise certain sums of money for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, and limits of time and amount within which the powers by the said Act granted might be exercised were fixed:

And whereas the powers for the raising of money by the Act of 1884 conferred upon the Board have been partially exercised, but it is expedient that the Board should have power to raise certain further sums of money specified in the First Schedule to this Act annexed for the purposes, upon the terms, and subject to the limitations herein-after mentioned, and that the Act of 1884 should be amended:

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should be empowered to apply for the purpose of certain loans by the Board under this Act, any moneys for the time being forming part of the consolidated loans fund, and not required for the payments of the dividends on consolidated.stock:

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should after the issue of consolidated stock be empowered to pay certain parts of the dividends due thereon out of the moneys and in the manner by this Act prescribed:

And whereas the payments by the Board up to the 31st December 1884 for the purposes of the Fire Brigade Act, 1865, exceeded by the sum of ten thousand eight hundrejd and fifty-four pounds fifteen shillings and sevenpence, the amount of the moneys authorised to be raised by means of the consolidated rate, under the authority and subject to the limitations of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, and of the moneys received by the Board towards their expenses for the said purposes, and the said sum was advanced by the Board out of other moneys in hand, and it is expedient that such payments be sanctioned and confirmed, and that the Board should be authorised to transfer to the Fire Brigade Account a sum of ten thousand eight hundred and fifty-four pounds fifteen shillings and sevenpence from the balance in their hands of rate raised for general purposes:

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should be empowered to raise any of the moneys which they are by this Act authorised to raise and which it may be convenient to raise for a temporary period by the issue of bills, with the consent of the Treasury, for not less than three and not more than twelve months, to be repaid out of moneys raised by the creation of consolidated stock under this Act:

And whereas it is expedient to make provisions such as are in this Act contained with respect to unclaimed stock, unclaimed dividends on stock, and unclaimed moneys applicable to the redemption of stock:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money)

Acts, 1875 to 1884, and this Act, may be cited together as the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1885.

290

Construction of Act.

Interpretation.

Amendment of 47 & 48 Vict. c. 50. s. 7. subsections (c), (A), («), &(*).

Amendment of 47 & 48 Vict. c. 50. s. 10.

Amendment of 47 & 48 Vict. c. 50. s. 12.

Amendment of Act of 1884 as to expenses under

44 & 45 Vict.

cxcii. and 47 & 48 Vict. c. ccxxviii.

Ch. 50. Metropolitan Board of Work* (Money) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Victr.

2. This Act shall be read and have effect as one with the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to 1871, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1884.

3. The expression u Parks and Open Spaces Acts " in this Act shall mean the enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed.

The expression "Main Drainage Acts " in this Act shall have the same meaning as is assigned to the same term in the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869.

4. (i.) Sub-section (c) of section seven of the Act of 1884 shall be read and construed as if the amount which the Board were thereby authorised to expend for the purposes of the Metropolis Toll Bridges Act, 1877, including the cost of certain special works for the maintenance and repair of the bridges acquired by the Board under the said Act and the commutation of pensions, had been limited to a sum of forty thousand pounds instead of twenty thousand pounds.

(ii.) Sub-section (h) of section seven of the Act of 1884 shall be read and construed as if instead of the sum of four hundred and ten thousand pounds therein mentioned with respect to the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1877, the sum of four hundred and twenty-one thousand pounds were therein inserted.

(iii.) Sub-section (i) of section seven of the Act of 1884 shall be read and construed as if instead of the sum of two hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned with respect to the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1883, the sum of four hundred and fifty-seven thousand pounds were therein inserted.

(iv.) Sub-section (k) of section seven of the Act of 1884 shall be read and construed as though the purposes for which the Board were thereby authorised to expend moneys included any improvement effected by the Metropolitan Board of Works and sanctioned by Parliament, expenditure in relation to which was not otherwise specially provided for by the said Act, and the purchase and erection of lamp standards on such parts of such improvement as the Board may think fit.

5. Section ten of the Act of 1884 shall be read and construed as if the sums which the Board were thereby authorised to lend to boards of guardians had been limited to a sum not exceeding four hundred thousand pounds instead of two hundred thousand pounds.

6. Section twelve of the Act of 18S4 shall be read and construed as if the sums which the Board were thereby authorised to lend to the School Board for London had been limited to a sum not exceeding nine hundred and fifty thousand pounds instead of seven hundred thousand pounds.

7. The Board may, during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, expend for the purposes of the Metropolitan Bridges Act, 1881, and the Metropolitan Board of Works Bridges Act, 1884, two hundred and three thousand pounds, provided that the moneys authorised to be expended by the Board under the authority of this section shall be in lieu of the moneys authorised to be expended by the Board for the said purposes respectively under sections six and seven of the Act of

291

1885. Metropolitan Board of W 1885. Ch. 50.

1884, and that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of the said sections and of this section shall not, together with all moneys previously expended by the Board for the said purposes, exceed seven hundred and ninety-one thousand pounds.

8. The Board may from time to time, up to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, expend for the purposes herein-after mentioned such moneys as they may think fit, not exceeding the amounts limited in relation to such purposes respectively.

(i.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works Act, 1885, if it becomes law, seven hundred thousand pounds:

(ii.) For the purposes of schemes made by the Board under the authority of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, with respect to the Metropolis (Hughes Fields, Deptford) Improvement Scheme, 1884, and the Metropolis (Tabard Street, Newington) Improvement Scheme, 1884, if the same be respectively confirmed by Provisional Order and Act of Parliament, ninety-three thousand and one hundred pounds:

Provided always, that the money to be raised and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board for the purposes mentioned in this section shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require and as the Treasury shall approve for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of the said Acts respectively in a proper and efficient manner.

8. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six expend for the purposes herein-after mentioned such moneys as they may think fit not exceeding the amounts limited in relation to such purposes respectively.

(a.) For the purposes of providing station-houses, fire-engines, fire-escapes, and permanent plant for the purposes of the Fire Brigade Act, 1865, twenty-five thousand pounds:

(b.) For the purposes of the Parks and Open Spaces Acts fifteen thousand pounds:

(c.) For the purposes of the Metropolis Toll Bridges Act, 1877, including the cost of certain special works for the maintenance and repair of certain of the bridges acquired by the Board under the Said Act and the commutation of pensions, ten thousand pounds:

(cZ.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Bridges Act, 1881, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Bridges) Act, 1884, one hundred and forty-two thousand pounds, provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section shall not together with all moneys previously expended by the Board for the said purposes exceed seven hundred and ninety-one thousand pounds:

(e.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Bridges, &c.) Act, 1883, forty-two thousand pounds, provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section shall not, together with all moneys previously

Power to expend moneys for the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act. 1885, and Artizans, &c. Acts.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 36.

Power to expend moneys for sundry purposes during yt^r 1886.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 90.

40 & 41 Vict. c. xeix.

44 & 45 Vict. c. cxcii.

47 & 48 Vict. c. ccxxviii.

46 & 47 Vict. c. clxxvii.

292

42 & 43 Vict. c. cxcviii.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 36.

40 & 41 Vict. c. ccxxxv.

46 & 47 Vict. c. clxxviii.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102.

47 & 48 Vict.

c. ccxxiii.

Special power to expend money for purposes of main drainage and main sewers.

Ch. 50. Metropol itan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885.48 & 49 Vict.

expended by the Board for the said purposes, exceed one hundred and thirty-four thousand pounds:

(/.) For the purposes of the Thames River (Prevention of Floods) Act, 1879, one thousand pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve:

(g.) For the purposes of schemes made by the Board under the authority of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, or the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, and confirmed by Provisional Order and Act of Parliament, seven thousand pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve:

(h.)For the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1877, seventeen thousand pounds, and such further sum as the Treasury may approve, provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section, together with all moneys previously expended by the Board for the said purposes, may exceed the amount of three millions seven hundred and twelve thousand five hundred and seven ppunds limited by the Act of 1883, but shall not exceed four million one hundred and ninety-three thousand five hundred and seven pounds:

(i.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1883, one hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section shall not together with all money previously expended by the Board for the said purposes exceed seven hundred ' and eighty-two thousand seven hundred pounds:

(k.) For the purposes mentioned in section one hundred and forty-four of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and section seventy-two of the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, for the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1882, and for the purposes of any improvement effected by the Metropolitan Board of Works and sanctioned by Parliament, expenditure in relation to which is not otherwise specially provided for by this Act, one hundred thousand pounds:

(I.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1884, twenty-three thousand pounds: Provided always, that the moneys to be expended and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board for the purposes mentioned in this section respectively shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require and as the Treasury shall approve for the said purposes respectively.

10. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six expend for the purpose of adding to, extending, enlarging, improving, and completing the works authorised by the Main Drainage Acts, and for rendering the same efficient in such manner as to them may seem proper, and for extending, enlarging, and improving the main sewers transferred to and vested in the Board under and by virtue of the Metropolis Management Act,

293

* 1885. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885. Ch. 50.

1855, and for making such other sewers and works, and such alterations and diversions of such existing main sewers, as may to them seem proper for the purpose of relieving, supplementing, and rendering such main sewers efficient, and for carrying into effect the several provisions in relation thereto mentioned in the said Acts, such moneys as they may think fit, not exceeding eighty-six thousand pounds, in addition to any moneys which they are authorised to expend under any Acts passed previously to the passing of this Act; and all the provisions of the Main Drainage Acts and the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts altering or amending the same, for the time being in force relating to the execution of works authorised by the said Acts respectively shall continue in force, and shall extend and apply respectively to the works executed by means of money raised for the purposes of this section; and all stock created under the authority of this Act for such purposes shall be deemed to be created for the purposes of the above-mentioned Acts respectively.

11. Where a vestry or district board constituted under the Power to lend Metropolis Management Act, 1855, desire, in pursuance of authority JJgSffboMds vested in them by Act of Parliament, to borrow money for any corporations purpose thereby authorised, and it appears to the Board and to the burial boards. Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be borrowed &c-shall be spread over a series of years, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six the Board may lend to the vestry or district board, and the vestry or district board may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board think fit, and as the vestry or district board are authorised and desire to borrow, not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds; and

Where any corporation, body of commissioners, burial board, or other public bodjr (not being a vestry or district board constituted under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, a board of guardians, the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District, or the School Board for London), having power to levy directly or indirectly rates in respect of lands in the metropolis, as defined in the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, or to make charges on rates leviable in the metropolis as so defined, or to take within the metropolis as so defined dues or impositions in the nature of rates, desire, in pursuance of authority vested in them by Act of Parliament, to borrow money for any purpose thereby authorised, and it appears to the Board and to the Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six the Board may lend to the corporation, commissioners, burial board, or other public body, and they may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board think fit, and as the corporation, commissioners, burial board, or other public body are authorised and desire to borrow, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds.

Money lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be repaid to them, with interest, within such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers with the approval of the Treasury agree: Provided that

294

Power to lend to boards of guardians.

18 & 19 Vict c. 120.

Extension of amount of loans to the Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District.

Power to lend to School Board for London.

38 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 86.

Ch. 50. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) A c£, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

the time after the borrowing 'within which such moneys shall he repaid to the Board shall not exceed in the case of a loan for purposes of improvements in relation to streets or bridges, or for the purpose of purchase of land in fee simple, sixty years, and for any other purpose thirty years: Provided further, that nothing in this section shall be deemed to prevent the Board from agreeing that any such loan as is in this section mentioned, and which may be made by the Board to any vestry or district board, shall be repaid in one sum or by such instalments or otherwise and at such time or times (not exceeding the times by this section prescribed) as the Board may think fit and the Treasury may approve.

12. Where a board of guardians of a union or parish wholly or for the greater part in the metropolis as defined in the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, desire, in pursuance of authority vested in them, to borrow money for any purpose, and it appears to the Board and to the Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six the Board may lend to the board of guardians, and the board of guardians may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board think fit and as the board of guardians are authorised and desire to borrow, not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds.

Money lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be repaid to them, with interest, within such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers with the approval of the Treasury agree, not exceeding thirty years.

13. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six lend to the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District, in addition to the sums heretofore authorised to be lent, by the Board to the said Managers, such sums as the said Managers are from time to time authorised by the Local Government Board to borrow in pursuance of any Act for the time being in force, not exceeding in the whole two hundred thousand pounds, as though the said sums were included in the amount authorised to be lent for such purposes by section thirty-seven of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, and the Acts amending the same.

14. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six lend to the School Board for London, in accordance with the provisions of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, and any Act or Acts altering, amending, or affecting the same for the time being in force, such sums as the said School Board are from time to time authorised to borrow by the Education Department in pursuance of the said Acts, or any of them, not exceeding in the whole the sum of six hundred thousand pounds.

The money so lent by the Board shall be repaid to them by the said School Board, with interest, within such period not exceeding fifty years as may be agreed upon between the Board and the said

293

1885. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885. Ch. 50.

School Board with the sanction of the Education Department, subject to the approval of the Treasury.

15. Where under the authority of this or any other Act the Board Protection of lend any moneys to any corporation, body of commissioners, public Board in case body, or persons, the exercise of whose powers of borrowing is

subject to the consent of the Local Government Board, the sanction of that Board to the borrowing of such moneys shall in every such case be conclusive evidence that such corporation, body of commissioners, public body, or persons had power to borrow such moneys.

16. In order to raise money for the several purposes for which Power to raise the Board are by this Act authorised to expend or lend money, the consolidated Board may from time to time create consolidated stock: Provided 6toc ' always, that —

Where the Board under the authority of this Act create consolidated stock to raise money for the purpose of the Fire Brigade Act,

1865, or to enable them to make a loan repayable within thirty years from the date of such loan, the Board shall from time to time carry to the consolidated loans fund such sums as the Treasury approve as being in their opinion sufficient to redeem within the period of thirty years from the date of the creation of such stock, or in the case of any such loan within any lesser period for which the same may be made, an amount of consolidated stock equal to that so created; and

Where the Board are by this Act authorised to make a loan, the Board, instead of raising money for any such loan by the creation of consolidated stock, may use for any such loan any moneys for the time being forming part of the consolidated loans fund, and not required for the payments of the dividends on consolidated stock.

Provided that no such moneys shall be used for any such loan which shall be repayable at any date later than the date at which such moneys will be required by the Board to pay off consolidated stock; and

Where the Board shall be of opinion that any moneys by this Act authorised to be raised for any purpose should be paid off within a period of thirty years or any lesser period, the Board instead of raising such moneys by the creation of consolidated stock may, with the approval of the Treasury, use for such purpose any moneys for the time being forming part of the consolidated loans fund, and not required for the payments of the dividends on consolidated stock. Provided that no such moneys shall be so used unless provision shall be made in such manner as the Treasury approve for paying off the same at or before the date at which such moneys will be required by the Board to pay off consolidated stock; and in every such case the Board shall from time to time raise as part of the consolidated rate such sums as the Treasury approve as being in their opinion sufficient for the payment of the interest on and for paying off the moneys used for such purpose at the date approved by the Treasury as aforesaid, and such sums shall from time to time be carried by the Board to the consolidated loans fund.

Where the Board raise consolidated stock for the purpose of any scheme made by the Board under the authority of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, or the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, and confirmed

296

Ch. 50. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Power for Board after issue of 6toek to apply moneys raised by stock to make up dividends from fixed dates.

Ratification of Board's expenditure for fire brigade purposes.

Board may raise money

bills.

by

Form and length of currency and interest on metropolitan bills.

by Provisional Order and Act of Parliament, there shall be repaid (as provided by the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875,) to the consolidated rate out of the local rate as defined by the said last-mentioned Act, all moneys required for payment of dividends on and the redemption of all consolidated stock created for such purpose.

17. The Board may from time to time within twelve months after the issue of consolidated stock carry to the dividend account in the consolidated loans fund for the purpose of providing for the payment of dividends on; such stock from the dates fixed at the time of such issue though the same may be earlier than the dates fixed for receiving the cash instalments on account of such loan so much of the moneys arising from the issue of such stock as they may require for that purpose, and as the Treasury approve, and may from time to time apply the moneys so carried to such dividend account to die payment of such dividends.

18. The payment by order of the Board for the purposes of the Fire Brigade Act, 1865, up to the thirty-first December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, of sums amounting in the whole to the sum of ten thousand eight hundred and fifty-four pounds fifteen shillings and sevenpence, in excess of the amount of the moneys authorised to be raised and raised by means of the consolidated rate under the authority and subject to the limitations of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, and of the moneys received by the Board towards their expenses for the said purposes is hereby sanctioned and confirmed; and the Board is authorised to transfer to the Fire Brigade account a sum of ten thousand eight hundred and fifty-four pounds fifteen shillings and sevenpence from the balance in their hands of rate raised for general purposes.

19. Notwithstanding anything in this Act or in any other Act relating to the Board contained, the Board, with the consent of the Treasury, may from time to time as they think fit raise any part of the moneys which they are by this Act authorised to raise, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, by the issue of bills under this Act.

20. A bill under this Act (in this Act referred to as the " metropolitan bill ") shall be a bill in form prescribed by a regulation made in pursuance of this Act for the payment of the principal sum named therein, in the manner and at the date therein mentioned, so that the date be not less than three nor more than twelve months from the date of the bill.

Interest shall be payable in respect of a metropolitan bill at such rate and in such manner as the Board with the consent of the

Treasury may direct.

Payment and 21. Ail moneys raised by the issue of any metropolitan bills shall aroceeds°of of Pa^ f° Board, and shall be expended by them for the pur-metropolitian poses for which the same are by this Act authorised to be raised bills and respectively. The principal money and interest expressed in any on^SosoHdated metropolitan bill to be payable shall be charged on the consolidated rate. rate, and shall be payable out of the said rate, or as regards principal

out of moneys raised by the creation of consolidated stock under this Act for the purpose for which such principal money has been expended, and as regards interest out of the consolidated loans fund.

297

1885. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money), 1885. Ch. 50.

22. The provisions contained in sections eighteen and nineteen and sections twenty-one and twenty-two of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Monej') Act, 1883, with respect to metropolitan bills as defined by that Act, shall extend and apply with respect to metropolitan bills as defined by this Act, and for the purpose of such application the expressions "Metropolitan Bill " and " this Act " in the said sections, shall be construed to mean respectively metropolitan bill as defined by this Act and this Act.

23. For the purpose of paying off the principal money payable in respect of metropolitan bills the Board may raise any sum which they are by this Act empowered to raise by the creation of consolidated stock for the purposes for which such principal money has been expended not exceeding the amount of such principal money, but save as aforesaid the powers given to the Board by this Act to raise moneys for any purposes by the creation of consolidated stock shall be suspended to the amounts and for the periods to and for which moneys are for the time being authorised by the Treasury to be raised for such purposes respectively by the issue of metropolitan bills.

24. The limitation on the borrowing power of the Board contained in section thirty-eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, shall not extend to moneys raised by the Board for purposes mentioned in this Act.

25. All sums received by the Board in respect of interest on or principal of any loan made by them under this Act shall be carried to the consolidated loans fund.

26. During the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six the Board shall not (except for such temporary period, not exceeding six months, as the Treasury may from time to time sanction) raise otherwise than in conformity with and to the extent mentioned in this Act any money under any powers of borrowing conferred upon the Board either by this Act or any other Act whatsoever: Provided always, that the limitations contained in this section shall not extend to limit or control the raising of moneys under the authority of section thirty-four of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, or of section eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875, for the purposes in the said sections respectively mentioned.

27. In the following provisions of this Act relating to unclaimed stock, unclaimed dividends, and unclaimed redemption moneys, the words, terms, and expressions following shall have the meanings herein-after assigned to them respectively, that is to say:

" Stock " shall mean any metropolitan consolidated stock heretofore created by the Board, or which the Board may hereafter be authorised to create, and includes any share or interest therein;

" The bank" means the persons or body corporate who keep the books for the transfer of stock;

" The books of the bank" means the books for the transfer of stock.

Provided, that in the event of the Bank of England ceasing to be the bank within the meaning herein-before assigned to the same term, the terms Governor and Deputy-Governor of the Bank

Sections 18 & 19 and 21 & 22 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 27. to apply to metropolitan bills under this Act.

Power to create consolidated stock partially suspended while metropolitan bills authorised to be raised.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 102. 8. 38. not to extend to moneys raised under this Act. Repayments to be carried to consolidated loans fund. Limit to exercise of borrowing powers.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 102.

38 & 39 Vict c. 65.

Interpretation of words, &c. in following provisions as to unclaimed stock, dividends, and redemption moneys.

298

Transfer of unclaimed stock to Board.

List of names from which stock transferred.

Mode of transfer.

Subsequent dividends on stock transferred to be invested,

Re-transfer and payment to person showing title.

Ch.oO. Metropolitan Board of Works() Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

of England shall be construed to mean respectively manager and assistant-manager of the bank, and the terms Accountant-General and Deputy Accountant-General of the Bank of England shall be construed to mean respectively the secretary and assistant-secretary of the bank.

28. All stock, no dividend whereon is claimed for ten years or more (except where payment of dividend has been restrained by a court of justice) shall be transferred in the books of the bank to the Board to an account to be entitled " The Metropolitan Board of Works Unclaimed Stock Account."

29. Immediately after every such transfer the name in which the stock stood immediately before the transfer, the residence and description of the parties, the amount transferred, and the date of transfer shall be entered in a list to be kept for the purpose by the bank. The bank shall during the six months next previous to such transfer, give notice in writing to the stockholder at his registered address, of the impending transfer to the Metropolitan Board of Works.

30. Every such transfer shall be made and signed by the Accountant-General or the Deputy Accountant-General of the Bank of England, and shall be as effectual to all intents as if signed by the person in whose name the stock then stands.

31. Where stock is transferred under this Act, all dividends accruing thereon after the transfer shall be paid to the Board, and shall be from time to time carried to the consolidated loans fund, and may be applied by the Board to any of the purposes to which capital moneys forming part of the said fund are applicable:Provided always, that the consolidated loans fund shall thereafter be charged with the payment of the claims of the persons entitled to any of the moneys carried to the said fund under this section.

32. The Governor or the Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England may direct the Accountant-General or the Deputy Accountant-General of the Bank of England to re-transfer any stock transferred under this Act to any person showing his right thereto to the satisfaction of the Governor or the Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England, and to pay the dividends due thereon as if the same had not been transferred or paid to the Board, and all moneys so paid on account of such dividends shall forthwith after notice of the payment of the same be repaid by the Board to the bank.

But in case the Governor or the Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England is not satisfied of the right of any person claiming to be entitled to any such stock or dividends, the claimant may by petition in a summary way state and verify his claim to the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice.

The petition shall be served on the Board, and the court shall make such order thereon (either for re-transfer of the stock to which the petition relates, and payment of the dividends accrued thereon or otherwise) and touching the costs of the application as to the court seem just

All costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Board in resisting or appearing on any such petition, if not ordered by the court to be paid out of the stock and dividends thereby claimed, shall be paid by the Board out of the consolidated loans fund.

299

1885. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, IS85. Ch. 50.

Where any re-transfer or payment is made to any such claimant, either with or without the authority of the court, the Bank shall give notice thereof to the Board within three days after making the same.

33. Stock exceeding the sum of twenty pounds shall not be re-transferred from the Board under this Act, nor shall dividends exceeding twenty pounds in the whole be paid to a claimant under this Act until three months after application made for the same nor until public notice has been given thereof, as in this Act is provided.

34. The Bank shall require the applicant to give such public notice as they think fit by advertisement in one or more newspapers circulating in London and elsewhere.

Every such notice shall state the name, residence, and description of the person in whose name the stock stood when transferred to the Board, the amount thereof, the name of the claimant, and the time at which the re-transfer thereof and payment of dividends will be made if no other claimant sooner appears and makes out his claim.

Where any such re-transfer or repayment is ordered by the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice, the notice shall also state the purport of the order.

35. At any time before re-transfer of stock or payment of dividend as aforesaid to a claimant, any person may apply to the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice, by motion or petition, to rescind or vary any order made for re-transfer or payment thereof.

36. Where any stock or dividends having been re-transferred or paid as aforesaid to a claimant by the bank, is, or are afterwards claimed by another person, the bank aod their officers shall not be responsible for the same to such other claimant, but he may have recourse against the person to whom the re-transfer or payment was made.

37. If in any case a new claimant establishes his title to any stock or dividends re-transferred or paid to a former claimant, and is unable to obtain transfer or payment thereof from the former claimant, the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice shall, on application by petition by the new claimant verified as the court requires, order the Board to pay to him such moneys in respect of the stock and for dividend as the court thinks just.

Such payment shall be made out of the consolidated loans fund or from other money at the disposal of the Board.

38. Where any dividend accrued due on any sum of stock is not claimed for ten years or more, the dividend so unclaimed and all dividends subsequently accrued due in respect of the same sum of stock and unclaimed shall be paid to the Board.

All such dividends shall be held and dealt with in like manner ns nearly as may be as the dividends accruing on stock transferred to the Board under this Act after the transfer, and this Act shall accordingly have effect in relation thereto, and to the application thereof, and claims to the same as if the foregoing provisions of this Act with respect to the dividends accruing on stock transferred to the Board under this Act were repeated and in terms made applicable thereto respectively.

39. All principal sums of money payable to any holder of stock redeemed by the Board which shall not be claimed for ten years

Three months notice before re-transfer or payment.

Advertisements before re-transfer or payment.

Application to court to rescind Order.

Bank not responsible to second claimant.

Order in favour of second claimant showing title.

Payment of unclaimed dividends to Board.

Unclaimed

redemption

money.

300

Investigation of circumstances of unclaimed dividends.

Allowance of expenses to bank.

Payment of

compensation

allowed.

Indemnity to bank.

Ch. 50. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

after the day on which the same became due to such holder or for ten years after any dividend which accrued on such stock shall have been last claimed (except where payment of such principal sum or dividend shall have been restrained by a Court of Justice) shall together with all dividends due thereon be paid to the Board, and the receipt of the cashier of the Board for any such moneys shall be as effectual to all intents as if signed by the person in whose name the stock redeemed then stands, and thereupon the stock so redeemed shall be cancelled and all dividends and interest in respect thereof shall be extinguished, and all such moneys when received by the Board shall be from time to time carried to the consolidated loans fund and may be applied by the Board to any of the purposes to which capital moneys forming part of the said fund are applicable. Provided always, that the consolidated loans fund shall thereafter be charged with the payment of the claims of the persons entitled to any of the moneys carried to the said fund under this section.

40. The Board may from time to time empower the bank to investigate the circumstances of any stock or dividends remaining unclaimed with a view to ascertain the owners thereof and allow to them such compensation as to the Board seems just for their trouble and expenses in that behalf.

41. The Board may from time to time allow to the bank a reasonable compensation for all expenses incurred by them in and about notices and advertisements directed by this Act and other services required or authorised by this Act.

42. Compensation allowed by the Board under this Act may be deducted rateably from the stock and dividends from time to time re-transferred or paid with reference to which the trouble, expenses, and services have been incurred and performed by the bank, or the same may be paid by the Board out of unclaimed stock or dividends transferred to or received by them.

43. The Bank and the Governor or the Deputy Governor of the Bank of England are hereby indemnified in respect of every transfer or re-transfer of stock or payment of dividends or moneys under this Act and shall not be in any manner responsible to any person having or claiming any interest therein.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

New Money Powers conferred in this Act.

Section of I Act.

[Purpose. Amount

Supplemental cp to 31st December 1885. £

4 (i.) Bridges under Act of 1877 (amount already sanctioned, 20,000?.) \ 20,000 0 0

4 (ii.) Streets under Act of 1877 (amount already sanctioned, 410,000l.) 11,000 0 0

4 (iii.) Streets under Act of 1883 (amount already sanctioned, 200,000l.) 257,000 0 0

5 Loans to Guardians (amount already sanctioned, 200,000?.) - 200,000 0 0

6 Loans to the School Board for London (amount already sanctioned, 700,000?.) ..... 250,000 0 0

1885. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1885. Ch. 50.

301

8 (i.)

8 (ii.)

(a)

(b)

(c)

(«)

(f)

(*)

x« (0

11 (

12

13

14

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

St

O)

(*)

10 (0

» (

12

13

Up to 31st December 1886.

Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1885 Artizans' Dwellings -

1ST January to 31st December 1886.

Fire Brigade -

Parks, commons, and open spaces -

Bridges, including Commutation of Pensions (under Act of

1877) .....

Bridges (under Acts of 1881 and 1884) -

Bridges (under Act of 1883) including freeing of East and West Perry Roads -

Thames River Prevention of Floods -

Artizans' Dwellings -

Streets under Act of 1877 -

Streets under Act of 1883, including freeing footbridges over canal -

Improvements under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1882, including improvements sanctioned by Parliament, for which no provision is elsewhere made in this Act -Various Powers Act, 1884 Main Drainage -

Loans to vestries and district boards Loans to other public bodies Loans to Guardians Loans to Managers of Metropolitan i Loans to School Board for London Amounts included above which are re-grants of borrowing power previously granted:

Fire Brigade -Parks, commons, and open spaces Bridges (under Act of 1877)

Bridges (under Acts of 1881 and 1884)

Bridges (under Act of 1883)

Thames River, Prevention of Floods Artizans' Dwellings -Streets (under Act of 1877)

Streets (under Act of 1883)

Improvements under Metropolis Management Act, 1855, Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers)

Act, 1882, including Improvements sanctioned by Parliament for which no provision is elsewhere made in this Act -Various Powers Act, 1884 Main Drainage -Loans to vestries and district boards Loans to other public bodies Loans to Guardians

Loans to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District ...

District -

£ s. d.

700,000 0 0

93, 100 0 0

25,000 0 0

15,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

142,000 0 0

42,000 0 0

1,000 0 0

7,000 0 0

17,000 0 0

165,000 0 0

100,000 0 0

23,000 0 0

86,000 0 0

200,000 0 0

100,000 0 0

200,000 0 0

200,000 0 0

600,000 0 0

£ 8. d.

18, 660 0 0

2, 036 0 0

5, 811 0 0

142,000 0 0

8, 967 0 0

1,000 0 0

7,000 0 0

17,000 0 0

165,000 0 0

New borrowing powers — For Board ^1, 261, 0991 For Loans .£1, 418, 829 J

13, 136 0 0

23,000 0 0

49, 391 0 0

144, 960 0 0

41, 300 0 0

56, 800 0 0

88, 111 0 0

784, 172 0 0

- , 2, 679, 928 0 0

302

Ch. 50, 51. Metropolitan Board of WorJca (Money) Act. 48 & 49 Vict.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Pakks and Open Spaces Acts.

The Finsbury Park Act, 1857, 20 & 21 Vict. c. cl.

, Southwark Park Act, 1864, 27 Vict. c. iv.

, Gardens in Towns Protection Act, 1863, 26 Vict. c. 13.

, Leicester Square Act, 1874, 37 Vict. c. x.

, Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1877, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 35.

, Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 122.

., , , , Amendment Act. 1869, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 107.

, , , , 1878, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 71.

, , , Supplemental Act, 1871 (Blackheath), 34 & 35 Vict c. lvii.

, , , , , 1871 (Shepherd's Bush), 34 & 35 Vict.

c. lxiii.

, , , , , 1872 (Hackney Commons), 35 & 36 Vict.

c. xliii.

, , , , , 1873 (Tooting Beck Common), 36 & 37

Vict. c. lxxxvi.

, Metropolitan Board of Works Act, 1874 (Finsbury Park), 37 & 38 Vict. c. xcvii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1875 (Tooting Graveney Common, and Finsbury Park), 38 & 39 Vict. c. clxxix. s. 14.

, Hampstead Heath Act, 1871, 34 & 35 Vict. c. lxxvii.

, Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1877 (Clapham Common and Bostall Heath), 40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict. c. cci.

, Plumstead Common Act, 1878, 41 & 42 Vict. c. cxlv.

, Wormwood Scrubs Act, 1879, 42 & 43 Vict. c. clx.

, Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1881 (Brook Green, Eel Brook Commou, &c.), 44 Vict. c. xviii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Hackney .Commons) Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict. c. cxlvii.

Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 34.

, Various Powers Act, 1882 (Peckham Rye and Tooting Beck), 45 & 46 Vict. c. lvi.

, Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1884 (Streatham Common), 47 & 48 Vict. c. ii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1884 (Plumstead Common and Hackney Commons), 47 & 48 Vict. c. ccxxiii.

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

[6th August 1885.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned: and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1885.

Cu8toi, i8 and Inland Revenue Act, 1885. Ch. 51. 303

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885.

PART I.

Customs and Excise.

As to Customs.

2. The duties of Customs now chargeable upon tea shall con- import duties tinue to be levied and charged on and after the first day ofoa tea* August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland (that is to say): —

Tea, the pound - Sixpence.

As to Excise.

3. — (1.) Where any spirits distilled and rectified in the United Kingdom are exported from an Excise or Customs warehouse, or are used in any such warehouse for fortifying wines, or for any other purpose to which foreign spirits may be applied, there shall be paid in respect of every gallon of such spirits, computed at hydro* meter proof, the following allowances; that is to say, —

In respect of plain British spirits, and spirits of the nature of spirits of wine, an allowance of twopence, and

In respect of British compounded spirits, an allowance of four-pence.

(2.) The allowance shall be paid, in the case of spirits exported, to the person who shall have given security for the exportation, and in the case of spirits used in warehouse, to the person upon whose written request the spirits shall have been so used.

(3.) The allowances shall not be paid until a certificate from the proper officer of Inland Revenue or Customs shall be produced to the officer of Inland Revenue appointed to pay the same, that such spirits have been actually exported or used as aforesaid.

4. — (1.) The term "beer" in the Inland Revenue Act, 1880, shall be construed to extend to any liquor which is made or sold as a description of beer or as a substitute for beer, and which on analysis of a sample thereof at any time shall be found to contain more than two per centum of proof spirit.

(2.) In the construction of any Act relating to excise licences for the sale of beer unless there is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith, the term <f beer " wherever used in such Act shall have the meaning assigned to it by section two of the Inland Revenue Act, 1880, as extended by this section.

5. On and after the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, the duty of excise payable under the Inland Revenue Act, 1880, on a licence to be taken out by a brewer of beer (not being a brewer of beer for sale) shall be four shillings in lieu of six shillings.

6. Section twenty of the Inland Revenue Act, 1880, is hereby amended as follows:

When fermentation shall have commenced in any wort3 before the brewer shall have entered the quantity and gravity thereof

Allowances on British spirits exported or used in warehouse.

Extension of term " beer " in 43 & 44 Vict. c. 20., and in Excise Licence Acts.

Private

brewer's

licence.

Amendment of 43 & 44 Vict. c. 20. s. 20.

304

Ch. 51. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

in the book provided for that purpose, the true original gravity of such worts before fermentation shall be entered by the brewer.

Sugar Btore to 7. — (1.) Every brewer of beer for sale who shall use any descrip.

brewCT for sale ^on sugar» whether cane sugar, saccharum, glucose, or other andwcounts ' saccharine substance, or extract, or syrup (herein-after referred to of sugar to be as " sugar ") in the brewing of beer must, before he begins to store or use the same, make entry of a room on his premises (herein-after called a sugar store) for the purpose of storing the same.

(2.) The brewer shall not receive any sugar unless the same is accompanied by an invoice from the seller thereof showing the marks on each package and the particulars of the description, and weight, or quantity of the contents.

(3.) All sugar received shall be immediately deposited in the sugar store, and shall not be removed therefrom except for the purpose of being used in brewing in accordance with an entry in the book (herein-after called the brewing book) delivered and kept under section twenty of the Inland Revenue Act, 1880.

(4.) Accounts may be taken, as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may direct, of every description of sugar received by a brewer, and any brewer to whom the said Commissioners shall give notice in writing that such accounts will be taken, is hereby required to deliver to the proper officer of Inland Revenue the particulars of all sugar of each and every description in his possession and every invoice relating thereto, and such brewer shall thereafter deliver to the officer all invoices relating to sugar of every description subsequently received.

(5.) The officer shall keep an account of sugar of each and every description received by the brewer, and shall debit the brewer with the quantities specified in the invoices produced to him, and credit the brewer with the quantities entered in the brewing book as having been used in brewing.

(6.) If, on taking account of the stock at any time, the quantity of any description of sugar in the possession of the brewer exceeds the quantity of that description which ought, according to the account kept by the officer, to be in his possession, the excess shall be forfeited; and if the quantity be less by more than two per centum than the quantity which ought, according to the account kept by the officer, to be in his possession, the deficiency above such two per centum shall be deemed to have been used in the brewing of beer without due entry in the brewing book, and duty shall be charged in respect thereof as if the deficiency had been so used.

(7.) If any brewer of beer for sale shall have any sugar in his possession elsewhere than in the sugar store or the mash tun or other vessel entered for dissolving sugar or in due course of removal thereto, or shall refuse to produce invoices when so required, or use any device to prevent the officer taking a true account of all sugar in his possession, lie shall incur a fine of fifty pounds.

Prohibition 8. — (1.) A brewer of beer for sale shall not adulterate beer, or add

against adnl- any matter or thing thereto (except finings for the purpose of clari-b brewers foT ^ca^on or other matter or thing sanctioned by the Commissioners sideband of Inland Revenue) before the same is delivered for consumption,

dealers and and any beer found to be adulterated or mixed with any other

1885.

Ch. 51.

305

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885.

matter or thing (except as aforesaid) in the possession of a brewer of beer for sale shall be forfeited, and the brewer shall incur a fine of fifty pounds.

(2.) A dealer in or retailer of beer shall not adulterate or dilute beer, or add any matter or thing thereto (except finings for the purpose of clarification), and any beer found to be adulterated or diluted or mixed with auy other matter or thing (except finings) in the possession of a dealer in or retailer of beer shall be forfeited, and he shall incur a fine of fifty pounds.

9. The powers and provisions contained in any Act relating to Excise allowances, or to penalties or forfeitures under Excise Acts, and now or hereafter in force, shall respectively be of full force and effect with respect to the allowances mentioned in this part of this Act, and the penalties and forfeitures thereby imposed, so far as the same are applicable and are consistent with the provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been herein specially enacted with reference to the last-mentioned allowances, penalties, and forfeitures respectively.

10. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act shall be and are hereby repealed to the extent in the said schedule mentioned. Provided that this repeal shall not affect the past operation of any enactment hereby repealed, or the liability for or recovery of any duties heretofore charged, or interfere with the institution or prosecution of any proceeding in respect of any offence committed or any penalty or forfeiture incurred against or under any enactment hereby repealed.

PART II.

Stamps.

Ditty on Property of Bodies Corporate and Unincorporate.

11. Whereas certain property, by reason of the same belonging to or being vested in bodies corporate or unincorporate, escapes liability tojprobate, legacy, or succession duties, and it is expedient to impose a duty thereon by way of compensation to the revenue: Be it therefore enacted, that there shall be levied and paid to Her Majesty in respect of all real and personal property which shall have belonged to or been vested in any body corporate or unincorporate during the yearly period ending on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, or during any subsequent yearly period ending on the same day in any fyear, a duty at the rate of five pounds per centum upon the annual value, income, or profits of such property accrued to such body corporate or unincorporate in the same yearly period, after deducting therefrom all necessary outgoings, including the receiver's remuneration, and costs, charges, and expenses properly incurred in the management of such property.

Subject to exemption from such duty in favour of property of the descriptions following (that is to say) —

(1.) Property vested in or under the control or management of " The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings " or " The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, " or any Department of Government.

retailers of beer.

Provisions to be applied to allowances and penalties under this part.

Repeal of enactments in schedule.

Grant of duty on property of corporate and unincorporate bodies.

306 Ch. 51. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

(2.) Property which, or the income or profits whereof, shall be legally appropriated and applied for the benefit of the public at large or of any county, shire, borough, or place, or the ratepayers or inhabitants thereof, or in any manner expressly prescribed by Act of Parliament.

(3.) Property which, or the income or profits whereof, shall be legally appropriated and applied for any purpose connected with any religious persuasion, or for any charitable purpose, or for the promotion of education, literature, science, or the fine arts.

(4.) Property of any friendly society or savings bank established according to Act of Parliament.

(5.) Property belonging to or constituting the capital of a body corporate or unincorporate established for any trade or business, or being the property of a body whose capital stock is so divided and held as to be liable to be charged to legacy duty or succession duty.

(6.) Property acquired by or with funds voluntarily contributed to any body corporate or unincorporate within a period of thirty years immediately preceding.

(7.) Property acquired by any body corporate or unincorporate within a period of thirty years immediately preceding where legacy duty or succession duty shall have been paid upon the acquisition thereof.

interpretation 12. In the construction and for the purposes of this part of this of terms.

The term "body unincorporate " includes every unincorporated company, fellowship, society, association, and trustee, or number of trustees, to or in whom respectively any real or personal property shall belong in such manner, or be vested upon such permanent trusts, that the same shall not be liable to legacy duty or succession duty.

The term "accountable officer" means every chamberlain, treasurer, bursar, receiver, secretary, or other officer, trustee, or member of a body corporate or unincorporate by whom the annual income or profits of property in respect whereof duty is chargeable under this Act shall be received, or in whose possession, or under whose control, the same shall be.

Duty to be 13. The duty hereby imposed shall be considered as a stamp of the CommS an(^ shall be under the care and management of the Com-

sioners of Iu- " missioners of Inland Revenue, herein-after called the Commissioners, land Revenue, who by themselves and their officers shall have the same powers and authorities for the collection, recovery, and management thereof as are vested in them for the collection, recovery, and management of the succession duty, and shall have all other powers and authorities requisite for carrying this part of this Act into execution.

Duty to be a 14. The duty hereby imposed shall be a first charge on all the "TX property in respect whereof the same shall be payable while such parties account- property shall remain in the possession or under the control of the able for the body corporate or unincorporate chargeable with such duty, or of dutjr* any party or parties acquiring the same, with notice of any such

duty being in arrear, and every such body corporate or unincorporate, and every accountable officer, shall, to the full extent thereof,

307

1883. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885. Ch. 51.

be answerable to Her Majesty for the payment of the duty charged thereon.

15. — (1.) Every body corporate or unincorporate chargeable with Return of the duty hereby imposed shall, on or before the first day of December Pr^'tth°ebe in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and on commis-

or before the first day of October in every subsequent year, deliver, loners, or cause to be delivered, to the Commissioners or their officers, a full and true account of all property in respect whereof any such duty shall be payable, and of the gross annual value, income, or profits thereof accrued to the same body in the year ended on the preceding fifth day of April, and of all deductions claimed in respect thereof, whether by relation to any of the before-mentioned exemptions from such duty or as necessary outgoings.

(2.) The account shall be made in such form and shall contain all such particulars as the Commissioners shall, by any general or special notice require, or as shall be necessary or proper for enabling them fully and correctly to ascertain the duty due, and every accountable officer herein-before made answerable for payment of duty in respect of any property chargeable under this Act, shall be answerable also for the delivery to the Commissioners of such full and true account as aforesaid of and relating to such property.

16. Every accountable officer shall be at liberty to retain or raise Power for per-out of any moneys of any body corporate or unincorporate which ""retain shall be held by him, or shall come to his hands, the full amount moneys for of all moneys which lie shall pay or have paid on account of the payment of duty hereby imposed, and all reasonable expenses incident to such duty‘ payments.

17. — (1.) It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to assess the Power for duty upon the footing of any account rendered to them, or if dis-satisfied with such account to cause an account to be taken by any according to person or persons appointed by themselves for that purpose, and accounts

to assess the duty on the footing of such last-mentioned account oth°errta subject to appeal to a court in the same manner as in any case of accounts, succession duty as herein-after provided.

(2.) If the duty so assessed shall exceed the duty assessable according to the account rendered to the Commissioners, and with which they shall have been dis-satisfied, and if there shall be no appeal against such assessment, then it shall be in the discretion of the Commissioners, having regard to the merits of each case, to charge the whole or any part of the expenses incident to the taking of such last-mentioned account on any funds liable to such duty as an addition thereto and part thereof, and to recover the same accordingly; but if there shall be an appeal against such assessment, then the payment of such expenses shall be in the discretion of the court.

(3.) The duty shall be payable immediately after the assessment, and notwithstanding any appeal therefrom; provided that in the event of the amount of the assessment being reduced by the order of the court, the difference in amount shall be repaid with such interest (if any) as the court may allow.

18. — (1.) Every body corporate or unincorporate, and every ^turns

accountable officer hereby required to deliver any such account as for non- *

aforesaid and wilfully neglecting so to do on or before the first day payment of

duty.

308

Application of enactments as to succession duty to this part of this Act.

Court to provide for payment of duty.

Stamp duty on securities to bearer.

Ch. 51. Customs and Inland Revenue, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

of December in the present year, or on or before the first day of October in any subsequent year, shall be liable to pay to Her Majesty a sum equal to ten pounds per centum upon the amount of duty payable in respect of the property required to be comprised in such account, and a like penalty for every month after the first month during which such neglect shall continue.

(2.) Every body corporate or unincorporate, and every accountable officer hereby required to pay any duty, and wilfully neglecting so to do for a space of twenty-one days after the same shall have become payable, shall be liable to pay to Her Majesty a penalty equal to ten pounds per centum upon the amount of such unpaid duty, and a like penalty for every month after the expiration of the said period of twenty-one days during which such neglect shall continue.

19. — (1.) The Commissioners shall, for the purposes of this part of this Act, have the same powers in relation to proceedings to enforce the delivery of accounts, and in relation to the verification of accounts, and the production and inspection of books and documents as they have in relation to succession duty under the law now in force.

(2.) Every body corporate or unincorporate, dis-satisfied with the assessment of the Commissioners, may appeal in the same manner to the same courts, and subject to the same provisions in, to, and subject to which any accountable party may appeal in relation to succession duty under the law now in force.

20. In the case of any proceeding in any court for the administration of any property chargeable with duty under this Act, such court shall provide out of any such property in its possession or control for the payment of the duty to the Commissioners.

Miscellaneous.

21. In lieu of the stamp duties payable upon any security for money bearing date or signed or offered for subscription after the passing of this Act, and given to a subscriber in respect of a loan raised by any company or corporation, and transferable by delivery, and upon a foreign security bearing date or signed, or offered for subscription, after the passing of this Act, and transferable by delivery, there shall be charged a duty at the rate of one shilling for every ten pounds, and also for any fractional part of ten pounds of the money thereby secured.

And in lieu of any other stamp duties there shall be charged upon any such security given in substitution for a like security, duly stamped in conformity with the law in force at the time when such last-mentioned security became subject to duty, a duty at the rate of sixpence for every twenty pounds, and also for any fractional part of twenty pounds of the money thereby secured.

The term "foreign security " shall not include a security by or on behalf of any Colonial Government, but shall otherwise have the meaning assigned to it by the Act of the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter four, and shall also include a security which, though originally issued to the holder

309

1885. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885. Ch. 51.

out of the United Kingdom, is offered by him for subscription, and given or delivered to a subscriber in the United Kingdom.

PART III.

Income Tax.

22. There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, the following duties of income tax; (that is to say,)

For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules (A.), (C.), (D.), or (E.) of the said Act, the duty of eightpence.

And for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act —

In England, the duty of fourpence.

Tn Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of threepence.

23. All such provisions contained in any Act relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, (except section eight of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884), shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax granted by this Act, so far as the same shall be consistent with the provisions of this Act.

24. — (1.) Where, in the case of any dividends, interest or other annual profits or gains due or payable half yearly or quarterly in the course of the said year which commenced on the sixth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, any half yearly or quarterly payments shall have been made prior to the passing of this Act, the duty of income tax hereby granted, or so much by relation to such duty as shall not have been charged thereon or deducted therefrom, shall be charged under Schedule D. in respect of such payments as profits or gains not charged by virtue of any other schedule in conformity with the provision contained in the sixth case of Schedule D. in section one hundred of the Act of the fifth and sixth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-five, and the agents intrusted with the payment of the dividends, interest, or other annual profits or gains, shall furnish a list containing the names and addresses of the persons to whom payments have been made, and the amounts of such payments, to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue upon a requisition in that behalf.

(2.) Where any person liable to pa}' any rent, interest, annuity, or other annual payment in the course of the said year shall, on making any such payment prior to the passing of this Act, have not made any deduction or have made an insufficient deduction in respect of the duty of income tax hereby granted, he shall be authorised to make the deduction or make up the deficiency on the occasion of the next payment in addition to any other deduction which he may by law be authorised to make.

(3.) The charge or deduction of the duty of income tax at a rate not exceeding the rate hereby granted in the case of any payment

Grant of duties of income tax *

Application of provisions of Income Tax Acts.

Provisions as to duty on dividends, &c., paid prior to passing of this Act.

31Q

Provision as to allowances to assessors and collectors.

Provision for further securing income tax on foreign and colonial dividends.

Ch. 51. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

made in the course of the said year prior to the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been a legal charge or deduction.

25. Where the allowance to which an assessor or collector of income tax and inhabited house duties is entitled by virtue of the Taxes Management Act, 1880, together with the allowance to which he is entitled by virtue of the Land Tax Acts, if he be also assessor or collector of land tax, would exceed a sum which in the opinion of the Commissioners for the general purposes of the income tax and inhabited house duties for the division in which the assessor and collector acts, represents more than a fair remuneration for his trouble, the said Commissioners shall have power to fix the amount of such remuneration, and such amount shall be accepted by the assessor or collector in full satisfaction and discharge of his right to allowance under the Taxes Management Act, 1880, or the Land Tax Acts. And in no case shall the aggregate amount to be received by an assessor or collector, either by way of allowances under the said Act or Acts, or by way of remuneration fixed by the Commissioners, exceed the sum of one thousand pounds, exclusive of necessary office expenses.

26. Whereas the enactments herein-after mentioned have been found inadequate to secure the charging and payment of income tax upon dividends payable out of the revenues of foreign and colonial states and dividends of foreign and colonial companies, be it therefore enacted that section ninety-six of the Act of the fifth and sixth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-five, section two of the Act of the fifth and sixth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter eighty, section ten of the said Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, and section thirty-six of the Act of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter ninety-one, shall be read in relation to the dividends therein respectively mentioned, as if the said sections included amongst the persons entrusted with the payment of such dividends the persons herein-after described; (that is to say,)

(a.) Any banker or person acting as a banker who shall sell or otherwise realize coupons or warrants for or bills of exchange purporting to be drawn or made in payment of any dividends (save such as are payable in the United Kingdom only), and pay over the proceeds to any person or carry the same to his account;

(6.) Any person who shall, by means of coupons received from any other person, or otherwise on his behalf, obtain payment of any dividends elsewhere than in the United Kingdom;

(c.) Any dealer in coupons who shall purchase coupons for any dividends (save such as are payable in the United Kingdom only) otherwise than from a banker or person acting as a banker, or another dealer in coupons;

A person entrusted with the payment of dividends, who shall perform all necessary acts so that the income tax thereon may be. assessed and paid, shall be entitled to receive as remuneration an allowance of so much (not being less than threepence) in the pound of the amount paid as may from time to time be fixed by the Commissioners of the Treasury.

1885.

Ch. 51.

311

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885.

Provided that this section shall not impose on any banker or other person the obligation to disclose any particulars relating to the affairs of any person on whose behalf he may be acting.

27. In order to ensure the collection in due time of any duties of income tax which may be granted for the year commencing on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, all such provisions contained in any Act relating to the duties of income tax as are in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax which may be so granted in the same manner as if the said duties had been actually granted and the said provisions had been applied thereto by an Act of Parliament passed on that day: Provided that nothing in this section shall be deemed to render necessary or authorise the appointment of assessors for such of the said duties as may be granted and payable under Schedules (A.) and (B.) of the said Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four.

The SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter.

56 Geo. 3. c. 58.

23 & 2 4, Vict. c. 129. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 22.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 12.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 98.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 12.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 72.

Title.

Extent of Repeal.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the fifty-first year of His present Majesty, for allowing the manufacture and use of a liquor prepared from sugar for colouring porter.

An Act to grant Excise duties oil British spirits, and on spirits imported from the Channel Islands.

An Act to continue certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue for the service of Her Majesty, and to grant, alter, and repeal certain other duties.

An Act to amend the laws relating to the warehousing of British spirits.

An Act to allow British compounded spirits to be warehoused upon draw-rack.

The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881.

The Revenue Friendly Societies and National Debt Act, 1882.

The whole Act.

Section four. Section twenty.

Section twelve.

Section twelve.

Section sixteen.

Section four.

Provisions of Income Tax Acts to apply to duties to be granted for succeeding year.

312

Ch. 52.

Lunacy Acts Amendment Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Short title and extent.

Removal of lunatics to workhouse in cases of urgency.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 97.

Removal of lunatics to workhouse under justice's order.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 111.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Lunatics.

[6th August 1885.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to lunatics: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Lunacy Acts Amendment Act, 1885.

2. Where, under the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, it shall be the duty of any relieving officer, overseer, or constable to give notice to or lay information before a justice as to any pauper who is or is deemed to be a lunatic, or as to any person wandering at large who is deemed to be a lunatic, or as to any other person deemed to be a lunatic who is not under proper care or control, or is cruelly treated or neglected by any relative or other person having the care or charge of him, or to apprehend and take any such person wandering at large before a justice, and the relieving officer, overseer, or constable is satisfied that it is necessary for the public safety, or the welfare of the alleged lunatic, that before such notice or information can be given or laid, or the alleged lunatic can be brought before the justice, the alleged lunatic should be placed under care and control, the relieving officer, overseer, or constable may remove the alleged lunatic to the workhouse of the union in which the alleged lunatic is, and the master of the workhouse shall, unless there is no proper accommodation in the workhouse for the alleged lunatic, receive and relieve and detain him therein, but no person shall be so detained for more than three days; and before the expiration of that time the relieving officer, overseer, or constable shall give the notice to or lay the information before the justice as to such alleged lunatic, or bring him before the justice, as the said Act requires.

3. — (1.) In any case where, under section sixty-seven or section sixty-eight of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, an order might be made for the removal of a lunatic to an asylum, hospital, or licensed house, and the justice or justices shall be satisfied that it is expedient for the welfare of the lunatic or for the public safety that the lunatic should be forthwith placed under care and control, such justice or justices, if it shall appear to him or them that there is proper accommodation for such lunatic in the workhouse of the union in which the lunatic is, may make an order for taking the lunatic to and receiving him in the said workhouse.

(2.) An order under this section shall be deemed to authorise the detention of the lunatic for a period not exceeding fourteen days from its date; after which such detention shall not be lawful, except under the conditions mentioned in section twenty of the Lunacy Acts Amendment Act, 1862.

(3.) In any case where the justice or justices make an order for the removal of the lunatic to an asylum, hospital, or licensed house, an order under this section may also be made to provide for the detention of the lunatic until he can be removed as aforesaid; but

313

1885. Lunacy Acts Amendment Actt 1885. Ch. 52, 53.

such an order shall not be deemed to authorise the detention of the lunatic in the workhouse for more than fourteen days.

(4.) An order under this section may be made by any justice or justices of the peace having jurisdiction in the place where the lunatic is.

. 4. This Act shall be construed as one with the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and the Acts amending that Act, and expressions used in this Act shall according to the subject-matter in each case have the same meaning as in those Acts, save as in this Act otherwise provided.

In this Act " union " includes a parish for which there is a separate board of guardians.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to the Members and Officers of Local Authorities.

[6th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Members and Officers) Act, 1885, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health Act, 1875, in this Act called the principal Act.

2. Notwithstanding anything in the hundred and ninety-third section of the principal Act, or any similar restrictions in any local Act, to the contrary, it shall not be unlawful for any officer or servant appointed or employed under the principal Act or local Act by the local authority to be concerned or interested in any contract with the local authority made with such consent or approval as is herein-after mentioned for the sale, purchase, leasing, or hiring of any lands, rooms, or offices, or to be concerned or interested in any contract with the local authority as a shareholder in any joint stock company, and no officer or servant of a local authority shall be incapable of holding any office or of being employed under the principal Act or local Act, or be liable to any penalty by reason only of his having been concerned or interested either before or after the passing of this Act in any such contract as aforesaid. No such contract as aforesaid shall be made after the passing of this Act, or approved if made before the passing of this Act, for the sale, purchase, leasing, or hiring of any lands, rooms, or offices except with the consent of two thirds of the number of the members of the local authority present at a meeting held after seven clear days notice shall have been published in some newspaper circulating in the neighbourhood, and after notice shall have been sent in writing to every member stating the nature of the contract, and the time and place of the meeting at which the question is to be considered.

3. Proceedings for the recovery of any penalty under Rule 70 of Schedule II. to the principal Act shall not be taken except with the consent in writing of the Attorney General

Construction of Act.

[Short title.]

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

Amendment of section 193 of the Public Health Act, 1875.

Restriction on recovery of penalties.

314 Ch. 53, 54. Public Health (Members & Officers) 1885. 48 & 49 Vict 49 Vict.

Removal of 4. No member of any local authority shall vacate his office by disqualification, reason only of his having any share or interest in any newspaper in which any advertisement is inserted relating to the affairs of such local authority, or of the district subject to the jurisdiction of such local authority, anything in any general or local Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

For the purposes of this section the expression "local authority w means any " local board " or " improvement commissioners " as defined by the principal Act

[Short title.]

Construction and interpretation.

Repeal of so much of 8. 77. of 1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. as relates to the persons to act as commissioners on inquiries as to inadequate performance of ecclesiastical duties.

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Pluralities.

[6th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. This Act may be cited as the Pluralities Acts Amendment Act, 1885.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Act passed in the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and six (herein-after referred to as " the first-mentioned Act ") and the Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-eight, as respectively ^amended by this Act.

The term "ecclesiastical duties " in the first-mentioned Act and this Act shall include not only the regular and due performance of divine service on Sundays and holidays, but also all such duties a& any clergyman holding a benefice is bound by law to perform, or the performance of which is solemnly promised by every clergyman of the Church of England at the time of his ordination, and the performance of which shall have been required of him in writing by the bishop; and in the case of benefices within the dioceses of St Asaph, Bangor, Llandaff, and St. Davids, and the county of Monmouth, shall also include such ministrations in the Welsh language as the bishop of the diocese shall direct to be performed by the clergymen holding such benefices respectively, but so that such bishop shall not in any such case require more than one service in the Welsh language on every Sunday in such church or chapel of ease situated in any such benefice: Provided always, that due provision be made for the English-speaking portion of the population.

3. So much of section seventy-seven of the first-mentioned Act as requires that any commission issued by the bishop to inquire into the inadequate performance of the ecclesiastical duties of any benefice shall be to four beneficed clergymen of his diocese, or if the benefice be within his peculiar jurisdiction, but locally situate in another diocese, then to four beneficed clergymen of such last-mentioned diocese, one whereof shall be the rural dean, if any, of the ' rural deanery or district wherein such benefice is situated, is hereby repealed, and instead thereof such commission shall be issued to four

1885.

Ch. 54.

815

Pluralities Acts Amendment , 1885.

commissioners, one of whom shall be an archdeacon or rural dean Persons to act of the archdeaconry or rural deanery wherein the benefice is situated; sioner^on'in-one other of such commissioners shall be a canon residentiary, pre- quiries as to bendaiy, or honorary canon of the cathedral church of the diocese inadequate Der-wherein the benefice is situated, elected as herein-after provided; ecdeshSical one other of such commissioners shall be a beneficed clergyman of duties, the archdeaconry wherein the benefice is situated, also elected as herein-after provided; one other of such commissioners shall be a layman in the commission of the peace for the county wherein the benefice is situated nominated for the purpose of such commission, on the requisition of the bishop, by the person who presided as chairman of the quarter sessions for the county or division of the county last preceding such requisition, or if there be no such person, then by the lord lieutenant of the county; and it shall be lawful for the incumbent of the said benefice to add to such commission one other commissioner, being either an incumbent of a benefice within the same diocese, or a magistrate in the commission of the peace.

The bishop shall give to the clergyman holding the benefice notice in writing of his intention to issue such commission, and if such clergyman shall not within fourteen days after the sending of such notice nominate in writing to the bishop one such commissioner as aforesaid to act with the other commissioners on such commission, such other commissioners may proceed alone.

4. The dean and chapter of every cathedral church now or here- J)canh and after having a dean and chapter, together with the canons non- canonTof^ residentiary or honorary, as the case may be, or where there is no cathedral dean and chapter, the canons residentiary and honorary, shall forth- churches to with after the passing of this Act, and at the expiration of every nSly^nTof' succeeding period of three years, elect one of their body to be a their body to commissioner for the ensuing three years for the purposes of any

such commission as aforesaid to be issued by the bishop of the diocese Xepnrpowof

to which such cathedral church belongs; and the name of the person inquiries as to

so elected shall Ire forthwith certified in writing to the bishop under

the seal of the dean and chapter, or the hands of any two of the ecclesiastical

electors, and such certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the due duties.

election of the person therein mentioned; and in case a vacancy shall

occur by death, resignation, or otherwise, during any triennial period,

the same shall be forthwith supplied and certified in like manner,

and the person so elected shall continue in office until the end of the

then current triennial period.

5. The archdeacon of every archdeaconry shall forthwith after the passing of this Act, and at the expiration of every succeeding period

of three years, convene a meeting of the beneficed clergymen of his £ beneficedm y archdeaconry, who shall at such meeting elect a beneficed clergyman alcM^who^n of the archdeaconry to be a commissioner for the ensuing three S^SrSS!* years for the purpose of any such commission as aforesaid, to be pup*6 of.in *

ii-i a i t 7 quines an to

issued by the bishop of the diocese with respect to any benefice inadequate per-within such archdeaconry, and the name of the person so elected e^CSSkai shall be forthwith certified in writing to the bishop under the hand dut, es* of the archdeacon, and such certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the due election of the person therein mentioned; and in case any such vacancy shall occur by death, resignation, or otherwise, during any triennial period, the same shall be forthwith supplied

316

Attendance of witnesses and production of documents, &c, may be com* pelled.

Witnesses to be examined on oath and to be liable to punishment for perjury.

Bishop may assign extra stipend of 70/. to curate appointed by him under s. 77 of 1 & 2 Vict. c. 106.

Where incumbent non-resident and population of benefice exceeds 2,000 or there are two or more churches not less than a mile apart, bishop may require two or more curates.

Bishop may assign to each curate during the vacancy of a benefice a stipend not exceeding 200J. a year or net income of benefice.

Saving as to certain cases. 34 & 35 Vict. c. 43.

Ch. 54. Pluralities Acts Amendment, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

and certified in like manner, and the person so elected shall continue in office until the end of the then current triennial period.

0. On an inquiry under any such commission as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the bishop or any two or more of the commissioners to require the attendance of such witnesses, and the production of such documents, evidences, and writings as may be necessary on either side; and such bishop and commissioners respectively shall have the same powers for these purposes as now belong to the Consistorial Court and to the Court of Arches respectively.

7. Every witness who shall be examined in pursuance of this Act shall give his or her evidence upon oath, or upon solemn affirmation in cases where an affirmation is allowed by law instead of an oath, which oath or affirmation respectively shall be administered by a commissioner, and every witness who shall wilfully swear or affirm falsely shall be deemed guilty of perjury.

8. The bishop may assign to any curate or curates appointed and licensed by him under any of the provisions of section seventy-seven of the first-mentioned Act such stipend or stipends as he shall think fit to appoint, not exceeding by seventy pounds the respective stipends allowed to curates by the same Act in the case of nonresident incumbents, but so nevertheless that any stipend or stipends so augmented shall not exceed the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds, except in cases where the whole net income of the benefice exceeds the sum of three hundred pounds a year.

9. Where the population of a benefice, the incumbent of which is non-resident, shall exceed two thousand persons, or where there are two or more churches belonging to such benefice not less than a mile apart, notwithstanding 'that the annual value of such benefice be less than four hundred pounds the bishop may require the incumbent thereof to nominate to him two or more persons to be licensed as curates; and if such spiritual person neglect or omit to make such nomination for the space of three months after such requisition, it shall be lawful for the bishop to appoint and license two or more curates, and to assign to such curates respectively such stipends as the bishop shall think fit, not exceeding the respective stipends sanctioned by the last-preceding section of this Act, but so, nevertheless, that the whole of the stipends to the curates serving any such benefice shall not exceed altogether two-third parts of the net annual income of such benefice, and the incumbent of such benefice shall be entitled to the like right of appeal to the archbishop as is provided by the eighty-sixth section of the first-mentioned Act.

10. The bishop may assign to the curate or curates appointed to perform the duties of any benefice during the vacancy thereof such stipend or stipends as the bishop shall think fit, not exceeding for each such curate two hundred pounds a year, and in proportion only to the time of such vacancy, but so, nevertheless, that such stipend or stipends shall not exceed in the whole the net annual income of the benefice.

11. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice the provisions of the fifteenth section of the Act of the session of the firat year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-three, or the provisions of the ninety-first, ninety-second, and ninety-fourth sections of the Act of the same year, chapter one hundred and six, or the

1885.

Pluralities Acts Amendment, 1885. Ch. 54*.

317

provisions of the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871, or any mortgage or charge duly created under any Act of Parliament upon the profits of any benefice which may come under the operation of this Act

12. Whenever the incumbent of any benefice is non-resident Non-resident m-with the licence of the bishop, he shall not be at liberty, without tum toh£to the bishop's permission, to resume the duties of his benefice before ^reew?tVcumte" the expiration of the period mentioned in such licence, nor shall tion of

he if non-resident for more than twelve months during such time of non-residence, interfere with the discharge of the duties of the benefice as en- Jm°iaIion!hop 8 trusted to the curate or curates thereof by the bishop.

13. Section seventy-eight of the first-mentioned Act is hereby Repeal of repealed, and instead thereof it is enacted that whenever the annual J'^82°vict value of any benefice shall exceed five hundred pounds and the c. 106. c ' population thereof shall amount to three thousand persons, or, though the population do not amount to three thousand persons,

if there be in the said benefice a second church or chapel with a hamlet or district containing four hundred persons, it shall be lawful for the bishop, if he shall see fit, to require the clergyman holding such benefice, although he shall be resident thereon or engaged in performing the duties thereof, to nominate a fit and proper person to be licensed as a curate to assist in performing the duties of such benefice and to be paid by the person holding the same; and if a fit person shall not be nominated to the bishop within three months after his requisition for that purpose shall have been delivered to the incumbent or left at his last or usual place of abode, it shall be lawful for the bishop to appoint and license a curate, with such stipend as he shall think fit to appoint, not exceeding one hundred and fifty pounds: Provided always, that such clergyman may, within one month after service upon him of such requisition to nominate a curate or of notice of any such appointment of a curate, appeal to the archbishop of the province, who shall approve or revoke such requisition, or confirm or annul such appointment, as to him may appear just and proper.

14. Any clergyman may, with such licence or dispensation as is Two benefices by the first-mentioned Act required for the holding together of two ^Jthe^b^dis-benefices, take and hold together any two benefices, the churches of pensation tf *" which are within four miles of one another by the nearest road, churches within and the annual value of one of which does not exceed two hundred one^oUie^ pounds, or if on one of the said benefices there be no church, then and annual ' the distance between the two benefices, for the purposes of this value of one Act, shall be computed in such manner as shall be directed by the bishop of the diocese; but except as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for any clergyman to take and hold together any two benefices.

15. Every notice, requisition, nomination, or certificate to be Notices, &c. given or sent pursuant to any of the provisions herein contained may J» sea* by shall be deemed to have been duly given or sent if sent through fered^etter!8' the post in a prepaid registered letter, addressed, in the case of an service of incumbent, to the parish or place whereof he is incumbent; monitions, &c. and where a clergyman is out of England, without license of ^eriVout^f non-residence, and without having made due provision for the E^gknd.&c. performance of his ecclesiastical duties during his absence, every

318 Ch. 54-56. Pluralities Acts Amendment Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

monition, instrument, or notice to be served on him pursuant to any of the provisions of the first-mentioned Act may be served in the manner in section one hundred and twelve of the same Act provided in the case of a clergyman who cannot be found, and the words "place of residence " in that section shall mean place of residence in England.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to explain section thirty-four of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840.

[6th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, Amendment Act, 1885.

Power to rai*e 2. It shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for any archde*- England, at any time after ascertaining the sum required to raise conry to 200/. the income of any archdeaconry to the sum of two hundred pounds per annum. per annum, to submit to Her Majesty in Council for ratification under the powers of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, that is to say, the Act of the third and fourth of Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirteen, section thirty-four, a scheme or schemes for authorizing the payment out of their common fund to the holder of the same archdeaconry for the time being of the sum so required, and this notwithstanding that the powers contained in the same section or in this Act may have been previously exercised in favour of the same archdeaconry: Provided always, that no augmentation to be granted under this Act shall be such as to raise the average annual income of any archdeaconry to an amount exceeding two hundred pounds.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Corrupt Practices at Parliamentary Elections.

[6th August 1885.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen as to whether or not it be lawful for an employer of labour to permit electors in his regular employ to absent themselves from their employment for the purpose of recording their votes at any parliamentary election, without making a deduction from the salary or wages of such electors for the time reasonably occupied in recording their votes: And whereas it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1885. ParliamentaryElectionsCorrupt Practices Act, 1885. Ch. 56, 57. 319

L Nothing in the law relating to parliamentary elections shall Conditions on make it illegal for an employer to permit parliamentary electors in which em-his employment to absent themselves from such employment for a reasonable time for the purpose of voting at the poll at a parlia- absence to mentary election, without having any deduction from their salaries employs* to or wages on account of such absence, if such permission is, so far as 1 eir practicable without* injury to the business of the employer, given equally to all persons alike who are at the time in his employment, and if such permission is not given with a view of inducing any person to record his vote for any particular candidate at such election, and is not refused to any person for the purpose of preventing such person from recording his vote for any particular candidate at such election.

2. This Act shall not be construed to make illegal# any act which Construction of

would not have been illegal if this Act had not passed. Act.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Parliamentary Elections Corrupt Practices Act, 1885.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to remove doubts as to the appointment of Revising Barristers.

[6th August 1885.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen as to the judge authorised to appoint revising barristers on circuit under section twenty-eight of the Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843, and section 6 & 7 Vict. twenty-nine of the Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885, and it is J'g1^ 49 vict expedient to remove such doubts: c. 23.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The senior judge named in the commission of assize for the Senior judge counties within any circuit, who actually travels that circuit or to

any part thereof during the summer circuit in any year, shall be appointrevis-the judge having power to appoint the barristers to revise the lists ing barrister *, of voters for that year in pursuance of section twenty-eight of the Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843, and that section and section twenty-nine of the Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885, shall be construed accordingly.

Provided that, if any such judge, before he has appointed all or any of the barristers whom he is authorised to appoint, dies or becomes unable to appoint such barristers, the senior judge named in the said commission, who actually travels the remainder of the circuit, shall be the judge having power to appoint such barristers so far as they have not been already appointed.

For the purposes of this section Birmingham shall be deemed to be part of the Midland Circuit.

Any appointment of a revising barrister heretofore made shall be deemed to have been validly made.

This section shall continue in force until the end of the Summer Circuit in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five

320 Ch. 57, 58. Revising Bai)vrister8 Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

and no longer, but the expiration thereof shall not affect any appointment of a revising barrister which otherwise would have been -valid.

2. The Act of the session of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighteen, intituled " An Act " to amend the law for the registration of persons entitled to vote, " and to define certain rights of voting, and to regulate certain " proceedings in the election of members to serve in Parliament for " England and Wales, " is in this Act referred to and may be cited as the Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843.

This Act shall be construed as one with the Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843, and that Act and this Act and the Registration Act, 1885, may be cited together as the Parliamentary Voters Registration Acts, 1843 and 1885, and this Act may be cited separately as the Revising Barristers Act, 1885.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to amend the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1878.

[14th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be read as one with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1878, and shall be deemed to be a Post Office Act within the o meaning of the Post Office (Offences') Act, 1837; and this Act may

29 & 3o Vict. c. s. be cited together with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1878, as the Vict‘ Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1885, and may be cited separately as the Telegraph Act, 1885.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 76. 2. Section fifteen of the Telegraph Act, 1868, shall be repealed,

Generaf tc>r' a^d in place thereof be it enacted as follows:

make regula- The Postmaster-General, with the consent of the Commissioners

tions for con- of Her Majesty's Treasury, may from time to time make regula-amfto fi"hmess tions for determining the hours during which the offices appointed charges. by him to be places for the receipt and despatch of telegrams shall be open for the transaction of telegraphic business, and for fixing the sums to be from time to time paid on account of the transmission of telegrams, and on account of services rendered in connexion therewith, and on account of the use of any telegraphs by any persons, and for determining the conditions and purposes on which and for which such use may be permitted, and for the general conduct of telegraphic business:Provided that —

(1.) The charges for the transmission of written telegrams throughout the United Kingdom shall uniformly and without regard to distance be at a rate not exceeding sixpence for the first twelve words of each telegram or for each telegram of less than twelve words (counting as part of such twelve words the names and addresses of the sender and addressee of the telegram), and not exceeding one halfpenny for each additional word:

Short titles and construction.

Construction and citation of Acts.

26*27 Vict.

321

1885. Telegraph Act, 1885. Ch. 5S, 59.

(2.) The sums charged for the transmission of written telegrams shall be held to cover the costs of delivery by special foot messenger, within the limit of one mile of the terminal telegraphic office, or within the limit of the town postal delivery of that office, when it is a head post office and the town postal delivery extends for more than a mile from it:

(3.) When the addressee does not reside within the above-described limits, and the sender desires to have his telegram delivered by special foot messenger, the charge to him for porterage by such special messenger shall not exceed sixpence per double mile, or any part thereof, beyond such limits:

(4.) When the addressee does not reside within the above-described limits, and the sender does not desire to incur the cost of special delivery, his telegram shall be delivered free of extra charge by the ordinary postal delivery next following on the arrival of his telegram at the terminal telegraphic office.

Section twenty-three of the Telegraph Act, 1868, shall apply in the case of regulations made under* this Act as if such regulations were made under the authority of the said Telegraph Act, 1868.

3. The repeal of section fifteen of the Telegraph Act, 1868, shall SavinK clause, not affect the validity of any regulations made under the said section

before the passing of this Act, and such regulations and all charges made thereunder shall remain in force until revoked by the Postmaster-General with the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or superseded by regulations made under this Act.

4. This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man and to the Channel Extent of Act. Islands, and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register the same accordingly; and for all the purposes of this Act the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands shall respectively be deemed to be part of the United Kingdom.

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

[14th August 1885.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act are, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of such Acts, and of the enactments amending the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1885.

2. The Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Continuance of Act, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, shall, to the ^edide

Ch. 59.

322

Expiring Laws Continuance,

1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

extent in column two of the said schedule mentioned, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner.

SCHEDULE.

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

a) 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. Linen, Hempen, Cotton, and other Manufactures (Ireland). (2) 3 A4 Vict. c. 89. Poor Rates, Stock in Trade Exemption. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

The whole Act. —

(3) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. Survey of Great Britain. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 33 Vict. c. 13.

(4) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commissioners (now Land Commissioners). (5) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. So much as relates to the appointment of and the period for holding office by Land Commissioners and other officers. The whole Act. 14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 73. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38. s. 48.

(6) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. —

(7) 11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ireland). The whole Act - 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

(8) 14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. ' (9) 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. Corrupt Practices Prevention. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. s. 10.

So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. s.6. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(10) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland). The whole Act. —

(11) 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. Salmon Fishery (England). As to appointment of inspectors, 8. 31. I —

1885. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1885. Ch. 59. 323

1. Original Acfc. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

(12) 26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. Promissoi-y Notes. The whole Act - 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

(13) 27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland). The whole Act. —

(14) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. Militia Ballots Suspension. The whole Act. —

(15) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. Locomotives on Roads. (16) 29 «fe 30 Vict. c. 52. Prosecution Expenses. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 58. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part n.)

The whole Act '

(17) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. Parliamentary Elections. So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 5L

(18) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. Election Commissioners Expenses. The whole Act - 34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

(19) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 56. Endowed Schools (Schemes). (20) 34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. Sunday Observance Prosecutions. As to the powers of making schemes, and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners and additional secretary. The whole Act. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 87. 37 A38 Vict. c. 87.

(21) 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot). The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections.)

(22) 36 & 37 Vict. c. 48. Regulation of Railways. The whole Act - 37 & 38 Vict c. 40. (Part II.)

(23) 38 & 39 Vict. c. 48. Police Expenses. The whole Act. —

(24) 38 & 39 Vict. c. 84. Returning Officers Expenses. The whole Act 46 A47 Vict. c. 51. s. 32.

(25) 39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. Juries (Ireland). The whole Act. —

324

Ch. 59, 60. Expiring Laws Continuance , 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

(26) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 41. Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland). The whole Act. —

(27) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 72. Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland). The whole Act. —

(28) 43 Vict. c. 18. Parliamentary Elections. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. —

(29) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 35. Diseases Prevention, Metropolis. The whole Act47 St 48 Vict. c. 60.

(30) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention. The whole Act. —

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to constitute a Federal Council of Australasia.

[14th August 1885.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to constitute a Federal Council of Australasia, for the purpose of dealing with such matters of common Australasian interest, in respect to which united action is desirable, as can be dealt with without unduly interfering with the management of the internal affairs of the several colonies by their respective legislatures:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Definitions, 1, In this Act, unless the context otherwise require, the following terms shall bear the meanings set opposite to them respectively:—

" Colonies." — The colonies (including their respective dependencies) of Fiji, New Zealand, New South Wales, Queensland, Tasmania, Victoria, and Western Australia, and the province of South Australia, and any other colonies that may hereafter be created in Australasia, or those of the said colonies in respect to which this Act is in operation:

" Crown Colony." — Any colony in which the control of public officers is retained by Her Majesty's Imperial Government: "Her Majesty's possessions in Australasia." — The colonies and such other territories as Her Majesty may from time to time declare by Order in Council to be within the operation of this Act:

" Council." — The Federal Council as hereby constituted:

325

. 1885. Federal Council of Australasia Act, 1885. Ch. 60.

" Governor." — The Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or other officer administering the government of the colony referred to, with the advice of his executive council, except in the case of a Crown colony, in which case the word shall mean the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or such other officer alone.

2. There shall be in and for Her Majesty's possessions in Institution of Australasia a Federal Council, constituted as herein-after provided, ^ede1 and called the Federal Council of Australasia, which shall have Counci the functions, powers, and authority herein-after defined.

3. Within such possessions Her Majesty shall have power, by Power to and with the advice and consent of the Council, to make laws for make Iawfl* the purposes herein-after specified, subject to the provisions herein contained respecting the operation of this Act.

4. A session of the Council shall be held once at least in every Session of

two years. Council.

5. Each colony shall be represented in the Council by two Constitution of members, except in the case of Crown colonies, which shall be Council, represented by one member each. Her Majesty, at the request of

the legislatures of the colonies, may by Order in Council from time to time increase the number of representatives for each colony.

6. The legislature of any colony may make such provision as Appointment, it thinks fit for the appointment of the representatives of that ^mives1 colony, and for determining the tenure of their office.

7. The first session of the Council shall be held at Hobart, in the Place of sitting colony of Tasmania. Subsequent sessions shall be held in such of Council, colony as the Council shall from time to time determine.

8. The Council shall be summoned and prorogued by the Summoning Governor of the colony in which the session shall be held; and aadproroga-shall be so summoned and prorogued by proclamation, published council.

in the " Government Gazette " of each of the colonies; and shall meet at such time and at such place as shall be named in the proclamation.

9. The Governor of each colony shall from time to time transmit to the Governors of the other colonies the names of the members appointed to represent the colony of which he is Governor.

10. Notwithstanding any vacancy in the representation of any colony, the Council shall be competent to proceed to the dispatch of business, and to exercise the authority hereby conferred upon it.

U. At the request of the Governors of any three of the colonies, a special session of the Council shall be summoned to deal with such special matters as may be mentioned in the proclamation convening it. Until the Council shall make other provision in that behalf, any such special session shall be summoned by the Governor of Tasmania, and shall be held at Hobart.

12. The Council shall in each session elect one of its members to be president

13. The presence of a majority of the whole number of members of the Council for the time being, representing a majority of the colonies with respect to which this Act is in operation, shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the dispatch of business, and all questions which shall arise in the Council shall be decided by

Governors to report names of representatives.

Vacancy in representation not to affect acts of Council. Special sessions of Council.

President of Council.

Quorum, and voting.

326

Oath or affirmation to be taken by members.

Matters subject to legislative authority of Council.

Power to Governors to refer questions for determina-

Ch. CO. Federal Council of A ustralasia Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

the votes of a majority of the members present, including the president.

14. No member of the Council shall sit or vote until he shall have taken and subscribed before the governor of one of the colonies the oath of allegiance contained in the schedule hereto: Provided that every member authorised by the law of the colony which he represents to make an affirmation instead of taking an oath may make such affirmation instead of the oath hereby required to be taken.

15. Saving Her Majesty's prerogative, and subject to the provisions herein contained with respect to the operation of this Act, the Council shall have legislative authority in respect to the several matters following: —

(a.) The relations of Australasia with the islands of the Pacific: (6.) Prevention of the influx of criminals:

(c.) Fisheries in Australasian waters beyond territorial limits: (d.) The service of civil process of the courts of any colony within Her Majesty's possessions in Australasia out of the jurisdiction of the colony in which it is issued:

(e.) The enforcement of judgments of courts of law of any colony beyond the limits of the colony:

(/.) The enforcement of criminal process beyond the limits of the colony in which it is issued, and the extradition of offenders (including deserters of wives and children, and deserters from the imperial or colonial naval or military forces):

(g.) The custody of offenders on board ships belonging to Her Majesty's Colonial Governments beyond territorial limits:

(k.) Any matter which at the request of the legislatures of the colonies Her Majesty by Order in Council shall think fit to refer to the Council:

(i.) Such of the following matters as may be referred to the Council by the legislatures of any two or more colonies, that is to say, — general defences, quarantine, patents of invention and discovery, copyright, bills of exchange and promissory notes, uniformity of weights and measures, recognition in other colonies of any marriage or divorce duly solemnized or decreed in any colony, naturalisation of aliens, status of corporations and joint stock companies in other colonies than that in which they have been constituted, and any other matter of general Australasian interest with respect to which the legislatures of the several colonies can legislate within their own limits, and as to which it is deemed desirable that there should be a law of general application: provided that in such cases the Acts. of the Council shall extend only to the colonies by whose legislatures the matter shall have been so referred to it, and such other colonies as may afterwards adopt the same.

Every Bill in respect of the matters marked (a), (b), or (c), shall, unless previously approved by Her Majesty through one of Her Principal Secretaries of State, be reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure.

16. The Governors of any two or more of the colonies may, upon an address of the legislatures of such colonies, refer for the consideration and determination of the Council any questions relating

1885. Fedei'al Council of Australasia Act, 1885. Ch. 60. 327

to those colonies or their relations with one another, and the tion of Council shall thereupon have authority to consider and determine CounclL by Act of Council the matters so referred to it.

17. Every Bill passed by the Council shall be presented, for Her Royal assent to

Majesty's assent, to the Governor of the colony in which the Council b-v

shall be sitting, who shall declare, according to his discretion, but

subject to the provisions of this Act and to Her Majesty's instructions, either that he assents thereto in Her Majesty's name, or that he withholds such assent, or that he reserves the Bill for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure, or that he will be prepared to assent thereto, subject to certain amendments to be specified by kirn.

18. When the Governor assents to a Bill in Her Majesty's name, Power to Her

he shall, by the first convenient opportunity, send an authentic Jct

copy of the Act to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of which Gover-State, and if Her Majesty, within one year after receipt thereof by nor

the Secretary of State, thinks fit to disallow the Act, such dis- H^MajestyV allowance (with a certificate of the Secretary of State of the day name,

on which the Act was received by him) being signified by such

Governor by message to the Council, or by proclamation in the " Government Gazette " of all the colonies affected thereby, shall annul the Act from and after the day of such signification.

19. A Bill reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure Bill reserved shall not have any force unless and until within one year from the

day on which it was presented to the Governor for Her Majesty's Majesty's assent such Governor signifies, by message to the Council, or by pleuaure. proclamation published as last aforesaid, that it has received the assent of Her Majesty.

20. All Acts of the Council, on being assented to in manner Acts of Coun-

herein-before provided, shall have the force of law in all Her to to

Majesty's possessions in Australasia in respect to which this Act is have force of in operation, or in the several colonies to which they shall extend,

as the case may be, and on board all British ships, other than Her Majesty's ships of war, whose last port of clearance or port of destination is in any such possession or colony.

21. Every Act assented to in the first instance shall be pro- Publication of claimed in the " Government Gazette " of the colony in which the Acta, session of the Council at which it was passed was held, and shall

also be transmitted by the Governor assenting thereto to the Governors of the several colonies affected thereby, and shall be proclaimed by them within the respective colonies of which they are Governors.

22. If in any case the provisions of any Act of the Council shall Acts of Coun-be repugnant to, or inconsistent with, the law of any colony affected cofon'iafem^t-thereby, the former shall prevail, and the latter shall, so far as ments. such repugnance or inconsistency extends, have no operation.

23. The Council may from time to time make and adopt such Standing standing rules and orders as may be necessary for the conduct of d^t^fbus?-11' its business, and all such rules and orders shall be binding on the net*. members of the Council.

24. The Council may appoint temporary or permanent com- Committees of mittees of its members, to perform such duties, whether during the Council *

328

Officers and servants.

Mode of defraying expenditure of Council.

Payment of contributions by colonies.

Evidence of proceedings.

Power to make representations to Her Majesty.

Commencement of Act in respect of any colony.

Power to determine operation of Act in any colony.

[Short title.]

Ch. 60. Federal Council of Australasia Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

session of the Council or when the Council is not in session, as may be referred to them by the Council.

25. The Council may appoint such officers and servants as may be necessary for the proper conduct of its business, and may direct the payment to them of such remuneration as it may think fit.

26. The necessary expenditure connected with the business of the Council shall be defrayed in the first instance by the colony wherein the expenditure is incurred, and shall be ultimately contributed and paid by the several colonies in proportion to their population. The amounts payable by the several colonies shall be assessed and apportioned, in case of difference, by the Governor of the colony of Tasmania.

27. It shall be the duty of the Governor of each colony to direct the payment by the Colonial Treasurer, or other proper officer of the colony, of the amount of the contribution payable by such colony under the provisions of the preceding section.

28. Whenever it shall be necessary to prove the proceedings of the Council in any court of justice, or otherwise, a certified copy of such proceedings, under the hand of the clerk or other officer appointed in that behalf by the Council, shall be conclusive evidence of the proceedings appearing by such copy to have been had or taken.

29. The Council may make such representations or recommendations to Her Majesty as it may think fit with respect to any matters of general Australasian interest, or to the relations of Her Majesty's possessions in Australasia with the possessions of foreign powers.

30. This Act shall not come into operation in respect of any colony until the legislature of such colony shall have passed an Act or Ordinance declaring that the same shall be in force therein, and appointing a day on and from which such operation shall take effect, nor until four colonies at the least shall have passed such Act or Ordinance.

31. This Act shall cease to be in operation in respect to any colony the legislature of which shall have passed an Act or Ordinance declaring that the same shall rcease to be in force therein: Provided nevertheless that all Acts of the Council passed while this Act was in operation in such colony shall continue to be in force therein, unless altered or repealed by the Council.

32. This Act shall be styled and may be cited as the Federal Council of Australasia Act, 1885.

The SCHEDULE.

I, , do swear that I will be faithful

and bear true allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria and her successors in the Sovereignty of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: So help me God.

Note. — The name of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being is to be substituted from time to time, with proper terms of reference thereto.

1885. Secretary for Scotland Act, 1885. Ch. 61. 329

CHAPTER 61.

An Act for appointing a Secretary for Scotland and Vice-President of the Scotch Education Department.

[14th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Secretary for Scotland Act, 1885.

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to appoint a Secretary for Appointment Scotland (herein-after called the Secretary), who shall hold office a Secretary during Her Majesty's pleasure. for Scotland *

There shall be paid to the Secretary, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, a salary of two thousand pounds a year.

The Secretary may appoint such permanent secretaries, inspectors, clerks, and other officers as he may with the sanction of the Treasury determine.

The salaries of such secretaries and other officers of the Secretary's office shall be fixed with the consent of the Treasury, and shall, together with such other expenses of the said office as may from time to time be sanctioned by the Treasury, be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

3. The Secretary, if not a member of the House of Lords, shall, Secretary may if otherwise qualified, be capable of being elected to and of voting Par, ia' in the Commons House of Parliament, and the office of Secretary 30 & 31 Vict. shall be deemed to be an office included in Schedule H. of the c. 102. Representation of the People Act, 1867; in Schedule H. of the 32 v, ct* Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868; in Schedule E. si & 32 Vict. of the Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868; and in c. 49.

Part First of the schedule of the Promissory Oaths Act, 1868, as regards England.

4. The Secretary may adopt an official seal, and describe himself Seal, style, and generally by the style and title of "The Secretary for Scotland." acts of Secre-A rule, order, or regulation made by the Secretary shall be valid if it is made under the seal of the Secretary and signed by him or by any secretary or other officer appointed by him for that purpose, and the production of a copy of such rule, order, or regulation, purporting to be certified to be true by any secretary or other officer appointed by him for that purpose, shall, unless the contrary is shown, be a sufficient proof that any such rule, order, or regulation of the Secretary was duly made.

5. — (1.) All powers and duties vested in or imposed on one of Transfer of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State by the enactments powers of — specified in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act, and all powers stoteT^ ° and duties vested in or imposed on one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in relation to the Universities of Scotland;

(2.) All powers and duties vested in or imposed on the Privy privy Council. Council by the enactments specified in Part II. of the said Schedule;

(3.) All powers and duties vested in or imposed on the Commis- Local Govern-sioners of Her Majesty's Treasury by the enactments specified in ment Board Part III. of the said Schedule, or the Local Government Board and Treasur} '

330

Secretary to be Vice-President of Scotch Education Department.

Transference of powers and duties of Scotch Education Department.

Secretary to be Keeper of the Great Seal.

Reservation of rights of Ix)rd Advocate.

Ch. 61. Secretary for Scotland Act, 1885. 48 & 40 Vict.

for England by the enactments specified in Part IV. of the said schedule, so far as such duties and powers relate to Scotland shall, on and after the appointment of the Secretary, be transferred to, vested in, and imposed on the Secretary.

Any report, act, or thing required or authorized by the said enactments, or any of them, to be made or done to the said Secretary of State, or Privy Council or any committee thereof, or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or the Local Government Board for England, and any report required to be made to Her Majesty by virtue of any of the said enactments, shall, so far as such enactments apply to Scotland, from and after the appointment of the said Secretary be made to or be done by or to the Secretary.

6. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time, by warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, to appoint the Secretary for Scotland to be Vice-President of the Scotch Education Department; and the Scotch Education Department shall mean the Lords of any Committee of the Privy Council appointed by Her Majesty on Education in Scotland.

7. From and after the appointment of the Vice-President of the Scotch Education Department as herein-before provided, all powers and duties vested in or imposed on the Scotch Education Department constituted under the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, shall be transferred to, vested in, and imposed on the Scotch Education Department constituted under this Act; and wherever in any Act of Parliament, minute, or regulation, reference is made to the Scotch Education Department, such reference shall be read and construed as applying to the Scotch Education Department constituted under this Act.

8. The Secretary shall have the place, trust, and office of Keeper of Her Majesty's Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and made use of in Scotland in place of the Great Seal of Scotland, with all such powers, privileges, and liberties as do by law and custom belong to the same.

9. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or interfere with any rights, powers, privileges, or duties vested in or imposed on the Lord Advocate by virtue of any Act of Parliament or custom.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Powers and Duties of Secretary of State.

Subject Act.

Poor Law -

Lunacy, except in regard to criminal lunatics and insane prisoners.

Public Health -

Wild Birds Protection -

8 & 9 Vict. c. 83.

20 & 21 Vict 21 Vict. c. 71.

* 25 & 26 Vict. c. 54. .29 & 30 Vict 30 Vict. c. 51. 30 & 31 Vict 31 Vict. c. 101 < 34 & 35 Vict. c. 38. .42 & 43 Vict 43 Vict. c. 15. J 43 & 44 Vict. c. 35. 144 & 45 Vict. c. 51.

1885

Secretary for Scotland Act, 1885

Ch. 61

331

Subject.

Act.

Public Works Loans -

Fishery Board -

General Register House in Edinburgh

Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages

Vaccination -

Marriage Notices -

General Police -

Burgh Police and Improvement

Division of Burghs into Wards

Markets and Fairs -

Prisons ..... Public Parks -

County General Assessment Turnpikes Accounts

Roads and Bridges ..... Locomotives Regulation Sheriff Court Houses

Rivers Pollution .....

Burial Grounds .....

Food and Drugs -

Artkans and Labourers Dwellings

Local Taxation Returns Alkali -

Salmon Fisheries -

School Sites .....

Parliamentary Divisions Assessor of Railways and Canals -

45 & 46 Vict 46 Vict. c. 62.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 78.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 44. sec. 8.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 108.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 43.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 72.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 101.

/ 31 & 32 Vict. c. 108.

139 & 40 Vict. c. 25.

10 Vict. c. 14.

40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict. c. 53.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 8.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 82.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 31.

41 & 42 Vict 42 Vict. c. 51.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 58.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 79.

39 & 40 Vict 40 Vict. c. 75.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 68.

f 38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 63.

1 42 & 43 Vict 43 Vict. c. 30. f31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 130.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 49.

<J 42 & 43 Vict. c. 64.

43 Vict. c. 2.

L45 & 46 Vict. c. 54.

44 Vict. c. 6.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 37. f 25 A 26 Vi6t. c. 97.

\27 A28 Vict. c. 118.

131 & 32 Vict. c. 123. f 4 A5 Vict. c. 38. s. 14. i 18 & 19 Vict. c. 131.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 23. s. 23.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 91. s. 20.

And any Acts amending the said Acts, and conferring powers on the said Secretary of State in relation thereto.

Part II.

Powers and Duties of the Privy Council.

Subject. Act.

Board of Manufactures 10 & 11 Vict. c. 91.

Publio Health 30 A31 Vict. c. 101. Part iii. And any Acts amending the said Acts, and conferring powers on the said Privy Council in relation thereto.

332

Ch. 61, 62.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 84.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41.

Secretary for Scotland Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Part III.

Powers and Duties of the Treasury.

Subject. Act.

Assessor of Railways and Canals - Board of Manufactures - General Register House in Edinburgh, except the power to fix salaries and emoluments. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 91. s. 29. r 13 Geo. I. c. 26. 13 Geo. I. c. 30. i 48 Geo. III. c. 110. 110 & 11 Vict. c. 91. 42 & 43 Vict 43 Vict. c. 44. sec. 8. And any Acts amending the said Acts, and conferring powers on the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in relation thereto.

Part IV.

Powers and Duties of the Local Government Board for England.

Subject. Act.

Loans by Public Works Loan Commissioners Alkali 1 f 38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. c. 89. 41 Vict. c. 18. 144 & 45 Vict 45 Vict. c. 38. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 37. And any Acts amending the said Acts, and conferring powers on the said Local Government Board in relation thereto.

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to amend the law relating to the Charges of Returning Officers at Parliamentary Elections.

[14th August 1885.]

WHEREAS by the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875, the returning officer may, if he thinks fit, require security to be given for the charges payable under the above Act in respect of an election to an amount not exceeding that specified in the Third Schedule to the Act, and by such Third Schedule it is provided as follows: — " If at the end of the two hours appointed for the " election, not more candidates stand nominated than there are " vacancies to be filled up, the maximum amount which may be " required is one fifth of the maximum according to the above " scale ":

And whereas by the Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878, the returning officer may, if he thinks fit, require security to be given for the charges payable under the said Act in respect of an election to an amount not exceeding

333

1885. Parliamentary Elections (Retu Officers) Act, 1885. Ch.G2.

that specified in the schedule to the Act, and by such schedule it is provided as follows: " If, at the end of the two hours appointed for " the election, not more candidates stand nominated than there are " vacancies to be filled up, the maximum amount which may be " required is one fifth of the maximum according to the above scale ":

And whereas it is expedient to reduce the said amount, and also to make further provisions with respect to the charges of returning officers in Scotland, and otherwise to amend the above Acts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed, so far as regards England and Ireland, as one with the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875, and together with that Act may be cited as the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Acts, 1875 and 1885, and this Act shall be construed, so far as regards Scotland, as one with the Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878, and, together with that Act, may be cited as the Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers (Scotland) Acts, 1878 and 1885, and this Act may be cited separately as the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1885.

2. In the Third Schedule to the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875, " twenty-five pounds " shall be substituted for " one fifth of the maximum according to the above scale " in the portion thereof (above recited) relating to elections where not more candidates stand nominated than there are vacancies to be filled up.

3. In the schedule to the Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878, " twenty-five pounds " shall be substituted for " one fifth of the maximum, according to the above scale, " in the portion thereof (above recited) relating to elections where not more candidates stand nominated than there are vacancies to be filled up.

4. Notwithstanding the scale of charges laid down in the First Schedule of the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875, it shall be lawful in any county constituency in England for the returning officer to charge four guineas for each presiding officer and thirty shillings for each clerk at a polling station.

5. Where a returning officer in Scotland is empowered to appoint a deputy, he may pay such deputy according to the scale set forth in the schedule to this Act, and such payments shall be allowed as expenses properly incurred by the returning officer within the meaning of the Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878, and of the Ballot Act, 1872.

SCHEDULE.

Scale of Payment to Deputy Returning Officers.

£ s. d.

(1.) At a contested election. For every thousand or part of a

thousand electors in the constituency - 1 10 0

(2.) At an uncontested election. For every thousand or part

of a thousand electors - - - 0 10 0

[Short title.]

Reduction of amount required in uncontested election by Third Schedule of 38 & 39 Vict. c. 84.

Reduction of amount required in uncontested elections by schedule of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 41.

Increase of returning officers charges in certain cases.

Payments to deputy returning officers.

334

Construction and short title.

Amendment of s. 5 of

46 & 47 Vict. c. 57.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 62.

Amendment of ss. 8, 9, & 12 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 57.

Specifications, &c. not to be published unless application accepted.

Power to grant patents to several persons jointly.

Amendment of s. 103 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 67.

CH.63.Patents, De8ign8til' Trade Marks(Amendment) ActASk4; ^VICT.

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to amend the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883.

[14th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act).

This Act may be cited as the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks (Amendment) Act, 1885, and this Act and the principal Act may be cited together as the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Acts, 1883 and 1885.

2. Whereas subsection two of section five of the principal Act requires a declaration to be made by an applicant for a patent to the effect in that subsection mentioned, and doubts have arisen as to the nature of that declaration, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted that:

The declaration mentioned in subsection two of section five of the principal Act may be either a statutory declaration under the Statutory Declarations Act, 1835, or not, as may be from time to time prescribed.

3. Whereas under the principal Act, a complete specification is required (by section eight) to be left within nine months, and (by section nine) to be accepted within twelve months, from the date of application, and a patent is required by section twelve to be sealed within fifteen months from the date of application, and it is expedient to empower the comptroller to extend in certain cases the said times: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

A complete specification may be left and accepted within such extended times, not exceeding one month and three months respectively after the said nine and twelve months respectively as the comptroller may on payment of the prescribed fee allow, and where such extension of time has been allowed, a further extension of four months after the said fifteen months shall be allowed for the sealing of the patent; and the principal Act shall have effect as if any time so allowed were added to the said periods specified in the principal Act.

4. Where an application for a patent has been abandoned, or become void, the specification or specifications and drawings (if any) accompanying or left in connexion with such application, shall not at any time be open to public inspection or be published by the comptroller.

5. Whereas doubts have arisen whether under the principal Act a patent may lawfully be granted to several persons jointly, some or one of whom only are or is the true and first inventors or inventor; be it therefore enacted and declared that it has been and is lawful under the principal Act to grant such a patent.

6. In subsection one of section one hundred and three of the principal Act, the words "date of the application " shall be substituted for the words "date of the protection obtained."

1885. Appropriation Act, 1885. Ch. 64. 335

CHAPTER 64.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[14th August 1885.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Common8 of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the consolidated supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on Fund, the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, the sum of forty-five million three hundred and sixty-one thousand two hundred and twenty-seven pounds.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may borrow Power for the

from time to time, on the credit of the said sum of forty-five Trewwry to million three hundred and sixty-one thousand two hundred and D w‘

twenty-seven pounds, any sum or sums of equal or less amount in

the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Appropriation Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund for8^piy°^_ towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amount- vices/

ing, as appears by the said Schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of seventy-three million six hundred and sixty thousand three hundred and ninety-five pounds five shillings and sevenpence, are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the purposes and services expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this

A

336

48 & 49 Vict.

Ch. 64. Appropriation Act, 1885.

Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

Treasuij may, 4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for m certain cases ^he sums appropriated to naval and military services by this au&onseYx- Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to post-penditure on- pone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual ProTided Sat course» eac^ of the departments entrusted with the control over the aggregate the said services shall forthwith make application in writing to the grants for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their authority to anFforThe68 defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which army services may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expendi-respectively be ture upon votes within the same department, and in such applies-not exceeded. ^on the department shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the said Commissioners to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may he submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

Sanction for 5. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the powers navy and army vested in them by the Act of the session held in the forty-sixth 1883-84Uun-f0r foriy-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter provided for* fifty, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, to be temporarily defrayed out of the balances (including surpluses of appropriations in aid) unexpended in respect of the sums appropriated to certain other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A gross sum of one hundred and forty-two thousand one hundred and fourteen pounds thirteen shillings and ninepence for certain navy services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed out of the unexpended balances of certain votes for navy services, aided by the sum realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid.

2d. A gross sum of twenty-six thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven pounds and fifteen shillings for certain army services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed out of the unexpended balances of certain votes for army services, aided by the sum realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

337

1885. Appropriation Act, 1885. Ch. 64.

It is enacted, that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half pay, or army, navy, or civil non-effective services until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1885.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

Short title of Act.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

£ 8 d

- 73, 660, 395 5 7

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

1884-85.

Fart 1. Civil Services Deficiencies, 1883-84 -

, 2. Civil Services and Revenue departments (Supplementary) 1884-85 ...

, 3. Navy (Supplementary) 1884-85 Operations in Egypt and the Soudan ...

, 4. Navy (Supplementary) 1884-85 Operations in Bechuanaland ....., 5. Army (Supplementary) 1884-85 Operations in Egypt and the Soudan, 6. Army (Supplementary) 1884-85 Expedition to Bechuanaland .....

£ 8.

8, 045 5 7 505, 339 0 0 706, 200 0 0 50,000 0 0 2, 234, 500 0 0 675,000 0 0

, 7. 1 ! 1885-86.

, 8. Army *

, 9. Civil Services, , Class I. £ 1, 864, 196

, 10. Ditto, Class II. ... 2, 464, 099

»»li- Ditto, Class III. ..... 6, 363, 017

ft 12. Ditto, Class IV. - 5, 244, 280

, 13. Ditto, Class Y. 568, 913

, 14. Ditto, Class YI 1, 216,000

, 15. Ditto, Class VII. ..... 94, 460

Total Civil Services ...

, 16. Revenue departments, &c. ....., 17. Afghan War (Grant in Aid)- ..., 18. Naval and Military Operations (Vote of Credit) -, 19. H.R.H. the Princess Beatrice (Marriage Portion)

£ e. d.

4, 179, 084 5 7

12, 386, 500 0 0 17, 750, 700 0 0

17, 814, 965 0 0

10, 249, 146 0 0 250,000 0 0 11,000,000 0 0 30,000 0 0

73, 660, 395 5 7

338

Ch. 64.

Appropriation Actt 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund. For the service of the years ending 31st March 1884 and 1885; viz.: —

Under Act 48 Vict. c. 2.

Under Act 48 Vict. c. 6.

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1886: —

Under Act 48 Vict. c. 6.

Under Act 48 Vict. c. 14.

Under this Act .....

£ ».

2, 049,000 0 0 2, 130, 084 5 7

10, 804, 750 0 0 13, 315, 334 0 0 45, 361, 227 0 0

Total ..... 73, 660, 395 5 7

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Civil Services Deficiencies, 1883-84.

Schedule of Sums granted to make good deficiencies on the several grants herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.: —

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class I. Diplomatic and Consular Buildings - £ s. 107 17 d 6

Class II.

Privy Council ..... 81 10 5

Registrar General's Office (Scotland) . - - 3 4 3

Class III.

Constabulary, Ireland ..... 7, 780 8 5

Class VI.

Superannuations ..... - - 72 5 0

Total - - 8, 045 5 7

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments Supplementary, 1884-85.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class I.

Surveys of the United Kingdom Natural History Museum Harbours under the Board of Trade -Public Buildings, Ireland Diplomatic and Consular Buildings -

Class II.

House of Commons -

Privy Council Office -

Charity Commission -

Local Government Board

Patent Office

Stationery and Printing

Fishery Board, Scotland

Registrar General, Scotland -

5,000

120

3, 570

7, 500

50,000

536

796

2, 825

3, 720

6, 730

15, 383

1, 271

1885.

Appropriation Act, 1885. Ch. 64.

339

CLASS III.

Police, Counties and Boroughs

Reformatory and Industrial Schools, Great Britain

Bankruptcy Court, Ireland -

Escort and Conveyance of Prisoners, Ireland

3,000

4, 700

96

2, 050

Class IV.

Public Education, England and Wales Science and Art Department -National Gallery ... London University -Public Education, Scotland -Public Education, Ireland

165, 708

7,000

83, 520

30

9, 703

23, 400

Class Y.

Diplomatic Services -

Grants in Aid of Expenditure in certain Colonies South Africa and St. Helena -

14, 750

2, 050

6, 200

Class VI.

Superannuation -

Pauper Lunatics, Ireland -

Redemption of Consolidated Fund Annuities

17,000

890

107

Class VII.

Temporary Commissions -Repayments to Civil Contingencies Fund Grant to the Family of General Gordon

Total Civil Services

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Inland Revenue -Telegraphs -

3, 800

8, 409

20,000

469, 939

15, 400

20,000

Total Revenue Departments Grand Total

35, 400

505, 339

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Navy (Supplementary), 1884-85 (Operations in Egypt and the Soudan).

For defraying additional Expenditure arising out of military operations in £ Egypt, incurred during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1885 beyond the Sums granted by Parliament ..... 706, 200

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Navy (Supplementary), 1884-85 (Operations in Bechuanaland).

For defraying additional Expenditure arising out of the expedition to Bechu- £

analand, incurred during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1885, beyond the sums already granted by Parliament - 50,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

Army (Supplementary), 1884-85 (Operations in Egypt and the Soudan).

For defraying additional Expenditure incurred during the year ended on the £

31st day of March 1885, for Army Services beyond the sums granted by Parliament ---- 2, 234, 500

i

340 Ch. 64. Appropriation, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

Akmy (Supplementary), 1884-85 (Expedition to Bechuanaland).

For defraying additional Expenditure arising out of the expedition to Bechu- £

analand incurred during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1885, beyond the sums already granted by Parliament - - 675,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886; viz.: —

No.

1. For wages, &c. to 59,000 seamen and marines -

2. For victuals and clothing for seamen and marines -

3. For the expenses of the Admiralty Office -

4. For the expense of the coast guard service, the royal naval reserve,

and seamen and marine pensioners reserve, and royal naval artillery volunteers -

5. For the expense of the several scientific departments of the navy

6. For the expense of the dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad

7. For the expense of the victualling yards at home and abroad -

8. For the expense of the medical establishments at home and abroad

9. For the expense of the Marine Divisions -

(10. Sect. 1. For naval stores for building, repairing, and outfitting the fleet and coast guard .....

, Sect. 2. For steam machinery, and ships built by contract, &c.

11. For new works, buildings, machinery, and repairs in the naval es tablishments .....

12. For medicines, medical stores, &c.

13. For martial law, &c.

14. For the expense of various miscellaneous services

15. For half pay, reserved half pay, and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines -

(16. Sect. 1. For military pensions and allowances -

, Sect. 2. For civil pensions and allowances 17. For freight of ships, for the victualling and conveyance of troops, on account of the army department .....

Total Navy Services -

Sums not exceeding

2, 728, 100

934, 400

194, 300

203, 800

112, 100

1, 639, 300

71, 300

67, 600

21, 700

1.348.000

1.926.000

654, 900

61, 800

10,000

137.300

830, 400

905, 200

330.300

210,000

12, 386, 500

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8. ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges for the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the general staff and regimental pay, allowances, and charges of Her Majesty's land forces at home and abroad, exclusive of charges on India -

2. For divine service -

3. For administration of military law -

4. For medical establishments and services .....

5. For the pay and allowances of a force of militia, not exceeding 136, 175

men, including 30,000 militia reserve -

4, 543,000

58, 100

38,000

320, 500

526, 900

1885.

Appropriation Act, 1885. Ch. 64.

341

Sums not exceeding

No.

6. For the yeomanry cavalry pay and allowances -

7. For the volunteer corps pay and allowances ...

8. For the pay and allowances of a number of army reserve first class, not exceeding 46, 500, and of the army reserve second class

9. For commissariat, transport and ordnance store establishments, wages, &c.

10. For provisions, forage, fuel, transport and other services -

11. For clothing establishments, services, and supplies .....

12. For the supply, manufacture, and repair of warlike and other stores,

including establishments of manufacturing departments -

13. For superintending establishment of, and expenditure for, works, build-

ings, and repairs at home and abroad .....

14. For establishments for military education -

15. For miscellaneous effective services -

16. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office

17. For rewards for distinguished services, Ac., exclusive of charges on India

18. For half-pay, Ac., of field marshals, and of general, regimental, and

departmental officers, exclusive of charges on India ...

19. For retired pay, retired full pay, and gratuities, for reduced and retired

officers, including payments awarded by Army Purchase Commissioners, exclusive of charges on India -

20. For widows' pensions and gratuities, for allowances on the compassionate

list, and for the relief fund, Ac., exclusive of charges on India -

21. For pensions and gratuities to officers for wounds -

22. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners thereof

23. For out-pensions for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are

not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in lieu of pensions, exclusive of charges on India -

24. For superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allowances, and

gratuities -

25. For retired allowances, &c. to officers of the militia, yeomanry, and

volunteer forces -

Total Army Services

72.500 606,000

384.500 464,000

3, 398,000

801.500

2, 227, 800

843, 800

128.500 51, 700

248, 100

18.500

78,000

1, 194, 300

124, 800

18, 500

33, 100

1, 330,000

190, 700

49, 900

17, 750, 700

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES.^-Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil See vices herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the maintenance and repair of the royal palaces ...

2. For the maintenance and repair of Marlborough House (including a

supplementary sum of 5,000Z.) -

3. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens -

4. For the buildings of the Houses of Parliament -

5. For the maintenance and repair of publio buildings in Great Britain,

including various special works; for providing the necessary supply of water; for rents of houses hired for accommodation of public departments, and charges attendant thereon -

5a. For the cost of erecting a monument in memory of the late Major-General Charles George Gordon -

6. For preliminary expenses in connection with the new Admiralty and War

Office, under the provisions of the Public Offices Site Act, 1882

7. For the supply and repair of furniture in the public departments of Great Britain .....

35, 057

7, 120

111, 369

51, 488

159, 088

500

10,000

17, 120

342

Ch. 64.

Appropriation Act, 1885.

48 & 43 Vict.

Sums not exceeding

No.

8. For the expenses of the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post I

Office Telegraph Buildings, in Great Britain, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services -

9. For new buildings for county courts, maintenance and repair of courts,

supply of furniture, fuel, Ac., and for charges attendant thereon

10. For charges connected with Metropolitan Police Court Buildings -

11. For one half of the expense of erecting or improving court houses or

offices for the sheriff courts in Scotland, and for the Government contribution towards the cost of maintaining the oourts erected or improved

12. For the survey of the United Kingdom, including the revision of the

survey of Ireland, maps for use in proceedings before the Land Judges in Ireland, publication of maps, and engraving the geological survey -

13. For the expense of the erection and maintenance (including rents, &c.) of j

buildings for the Department of Science and Art

14. For the maintenance and repair of the British Museum and Natural

History Museum buildings, for rents of premises, supply of water, fuel, Ac., and charges attendant thereon .....

15. For maintaining certain harbours, &c. under the Board of Trade

15a. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead -

16. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, Ac., in respect of Government

property, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Gov enment 1 2 3 property department - - - '

17. For contribution to the funds for the establishment and maintenance of

a fire brigade in the metropolis -

18. In aid of the cost of maintenance of disturnpiked and main roads in

England and Wales during the year ending on the 25th day of March 1886 (including a supplementary sum of 16,000l.) -

19. In aid of the cost of maintenance of disturnpiked and other roads main-

tained out of public rates in Scotland during the year ended Whitsuntide 1885 .....

20. For erection, repairs, and maintenance of the several public works and

buildings under the department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and for the erection of fishery piers, and the maintenance of certain parks, harbours, and navigations .....

21. For enclosing, adapting, and furnishing existing buildings purchased, and for additions to them for the purposes of the Royal University, Ireland 1

22. For expenses preparatory to, and of the erection of the Museum of Science

and Art National Library, and of the School of Art and Lecture Theatre in Dublin -

23. For maintaining certain lighthouses abroad .....

24. For diplomatic and consular buildings, including rents and furniture, and >

for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad (including a supple- | mentary sum of 6, 800Z.)

277, 373

32, 210

6, 512

10,000

260, 500

17, 363

9, 446

15, 502

16, 050

215, 985

10,000

231,000

35.000

221, 784

27, 428

31.000 18, 398

36, 903

Total Civil Services, Class I.

£* 1, 864, 196

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Lords

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury

and in the office ol' the Parliamentary Counsel -

43, 643

51, 772

60, 445

1885.

Appropriation Act, 1885. Ch. 64.

343

Sums not exceeding

No. £

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices - 5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary j 96, 323

of State for Foreign Affairs ---- 6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain expenses connected with Emi- 71, 373

g ration - 7. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most 40, 063

Honourable Privy Council and subordinate departments 8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council 46, 883 1

for Trade, and subordinate departments -9. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for tho require- 106, 178

ments of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Act, 1883 -10. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and 1, 164

Wales ---- 11. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission 12. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and COCO toco ¥§

Auditor General, including the Chancery Audit Branch 13. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies 14. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Land Commissioners for England, and for' defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in 59, 189 8, 122

matters of Inclosure and Drainage ---- 15. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board, including 23, 021

various grants in aid of local taxation - - -16. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in 441, 254

England ---- 17. For salaries and expenses of tho Mint, including the expenses of the 15, 225

coinage - -- -- -- -- 18. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office - 19. For charges connected with the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act - 20. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Paymaster 69, 333 14, 709 45, 997

General in London and Dublin 21. For salaries and expenses of the establishments under the Public Works 26, 274

Loan Commissioners - - 22. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England - 23. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of 9, 747 22, 288

Births, &c. in England ..... 24. For stationery, printing, and paper, binding, and printed books, for the several departments of Government in England, Scotland, and Ireland, and some dependencies, and for the two Houses of Parliament; for the salaries and expenses of the Establishment of the Stationery Office, and the cost of Stationery Office publications, and of the Gazette Offices; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including a grant in aid of the 48, 887

publication of Parliamentary Debates -25. For salaries and expenses of the office of Woods, Forests, and Land 562, 097

Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -26. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her 23, 852

Majesty's Works and Public Buildings - 27. In aid of the Mercantile Marine Fund - 28. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services ... 29. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer in Exchequer, Scotland, of certain officers 48, 529 40.000 50.000

in Scotland, and other charges formerly on the hereditary revenue 30. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland, and for grants 6, 300

in aid of piers or quays ---- 31. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland - 23, 095 5, 969

32. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland ---- 5, 893

33. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Supervision for Relief of the Poor, and for expenses under the Public Health and Vaccination Acts, including certain grants in aid of local taxation in Scotland - j 28, 959

344

Ch. 64.

Appropriation Act, 1885.

48 & 49 Vict.

Sums not exceeding

No.

34. For salaries of the officers and attendants of the household of the Lord

Lieutenant of Ireland and other expenses .....

35. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord

Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and suboroinate departments -

36. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable

Donations and Bequests for Ireland .....

37. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland,

including various grants in aid of local taxation -

38. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland

39. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Keeper

of the State Papers in Ireland -

40. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of

Births, Ac., and for expenses of the collection of agricultural and other statistics in Ireland -

41. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of

Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class II.

7, 469

43, 382

2, 152

139, 978

56, 111

6, 756

16, 126

23, 804

2, 464, 099

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers, the salaries and expenses of the depart-

ment of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and of the department of the Queen's Proctor for divorce interventions, and of the department of the Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, including those relating to the coin, and to bankruptcy, and of other legal proceedings conducted by those deparments, and various other legal expenses, including Statute Law Revision and Parliamentary Agency -

2. For criminal prosecutions at assizes and quarter sessions, and for adjudica-

tions under the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, for sheriffs expenses, salaries to clerks of assize and other officers, compensation to clerks of the peace and others, and for expenses incurred under Extradition Treaties -

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature

as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund .....

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Wreck Commissioner

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts

6. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Land Registry -

7. For the expense of revising barristers in England (including a supplemen-

tary sum of 2, 5001.) -

8. For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London and Sheerness -

9. For contribution toward the expenses of the metropolitan police, and of

the horse patrol, and Thames police, and for the salaries of the Commissioner, Assistant Commissioners, and Receiver ...

10. For the expenses of police engaged in special duties in connexion with

dynamite outrages -

11. For certain expenses connected with the police in counties and boroughs in

England and Wales, and with the police in Scotland -

91, 135

164, 135

421, 673

13, 530

436, 087

5, 442

27, 700

15, 320

544, 840

38,000

990, 343

1885.

Appropriation Act, 1885. Ch. 64.

345

Sums not exceeding

No.

12. For the expenses of the Directors of convict prisons, and of the convict

establishments in England and the Colonies under their control

13. For the expenses of the Prisons Board, England, and of the prisons under their control -

14. For the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and

day industrial schools in Great Britain, and for the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Reformatories .....

15. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic

Asylum, England, and of one criminal lunatic in Bethlem Hospital

16. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate's department and others

connected with criminal proceedings in Scotland, including certain | allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83.

17. For salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland I

and other legal charges -

18. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's General Register j

House, Edinburgh -

19. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the

(>risons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal unatics and the preparation of judicial statistics (including a supplementary sum of 5, 700Z.) -

20. For the expense of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland, including certain allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83.

21. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund 22. For salaries and incidental expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland 23. For salaries and expenses of the Admiralty Court Registry m Ireland 24. For salaries and expenses of the Office for the Registration of Deeds in Ireland -

25. For salaries and expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments in Ireland -

26. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission -27. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers, and of magistrates in Ireland, and of revising barristers in Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 3,000l.) .....

28. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioners of Police, of the police courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin -29. For the expenses of the Constabulary Force in Ireland ... 30. For the expense of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals -

31. For the expenses of reformatories and industrial schools in Ireland 32. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland -

381, 374

471, 930

282, 915

29, 417

64, 093

63.510 36, 472

113, 201

79, 206

91, 222

10,000

1, 285

17.510

2, 338

78, 677

99, 316

145, 817

1, 380, 091

158, 441

101, 150

6, 847

Total Civil Services, Class III.

6, 363, 017

SCHEDULE (B.)~Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1 For public education in England and Wales, including the expenses of the Education Office in London -2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith -

3, 302, 772

391, 573

346

Ch. 64.

Appropriation Act, 1885.

48 & 49 Vict.

Sums not exceeding

No.

3. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including the amount

required for the Natural History Museum .....

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery ...

5. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery

6. For grants in aid of the expenditure of certain learned societies in Great Britain and Ireland -

7. For salaries and expenses of the University of London ...

8. In aid of the expenses of University Colleges, Wales ...

9. For preparing an account of the scientific results of the expedition of Her Majesty's Bhip " Challenger" in 1873, 1874, 1875, and 1876, to investigate the physical and biological conditions of the great ocean basins, and of arranging the collections made during the expedition -

10. For the salaries and expenses connected with observations of the Transit

of Yenus 1882 -

11. For public education in Scotland -

12. For grants to Scottish Universities -

13. For the annuity to the Board of Trustees of manufactures in Scotland, in

discharge of equivalents under the Treaty of Union, to be applied in maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, and for the exhibition of the Torrie Collection of Works of Art, and for other purposes -

14. For public education under the Commissioners of National Education in

Ireland -

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National School Teachers' Super-

annuation Office, Dublin -

16. For the salary and expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Educa-

tion in Ireland appointed for the regulation of endowed schools -

17. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, and for the purchase of pictures -

18. In aid of the expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland -

19. In aid of the expenses of the Royal Irish Academy ...

Total Civil Services, Class IY.

161, 333

8, 964

2, 630

21, 400

12, 484

10, 500

4, 627

110

500, 174

19, 498

2, 100

786, 303

2, 013

670

2, 501

12, 628

2,000

5, 244, 280

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services hereio particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad

2. For consular establishments abroad, and for other expenditure charge-

able on the Consular Vote -

3. For the expenses of various services (other than Consular) in connection

with the suppression of the slave trade, and tho expenses of the Liberated African Department -

4. For salaries and expenses of the three representatives of Her Majesty's

Government on the Council of Administration of the Suez Canal Company -

5. In aid of colonial local revenue, and for the salaries and allowances of

governors, Ac., and for other charges connected with the colonies, including expenses incurred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875 (including a supplementary sum of 10, 920i.) -

6. For certain charges connected with the Orange River Territory, the

Transvaal, Zululand, Bechuanaland, the island of St. Helena, and the High Commissioner for South Africa -

232, 245

191, 495

12, 272

2, 425

40, 486

39, 690

1885.

Appi'opriation Act, 1885. Ch. 64.

347

Sums not exceeding

No.

7. For \he subsidy to the Eastern and South African Telegraph Company and for the salary of the Official Director .....

8. In aid of the revenue of the island of Cyprus .....

35, 300

15,000

Total Civil Services, Class Y.

568, 913

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VL

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886; viz.: —

No.

1. For superannuation and retired allowances to persons formerly employed

in the public service, and for compassionate or other special allowances and gratuities awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to their

widows and children -

3. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in England and

Wales -

4. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Scotland

5. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Ireland

6. For the support of certain hospitals and infirmaries in Ireland

7. For making good the deficiency arising from payments for interest to

savings banks and friendly societies -

8. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain

9. For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland

Sums not exceeding

460, 710

20, 600

478, 500

84, 500

98, 200

16, 747

51, 021

2, 751

2, 971

Total Civil Services, Class VI.

1, 216,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886; viz.: —

I Sums not I exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and incidental expenses of temporary commissions and committees, including special inquiries -

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses -

3. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous

advances -

4. In aid of the local cost of registration of county voters in England and

Wales -

5. In aid of the local cost of registration of county voters in Scotland

6. For the expenses of registration of voters in Ireland -

26, 142

6, 368

350

40.000 6, 600

15.000

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

£ | 94, 460

348

Ch. 64, 65.

48 & 49 Vict.

Appropriation Ad, 1885,

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 16.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, <fcc. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department -

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of

Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue .....

4. For the Post Office packet service -

5. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office telegraph service

977, 733

1, 823, 157

4, 854, 659

753, 781

1, 839, 816

Total Revenue Departments

£ 10, 249, 146

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 17.

Afghan War (Grant in aid).

For paying the last instalment of a grant in aid of the expenditure in- £

curred by the Government of India upon the war in Afghanistan in the years 1878-80, which will become due and payable during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886 - 250,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 18.

Naval and Military Operations (Vote of Credit).

For defraying expenses which may be incurred during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1886 (beyond the ordinary grants of Parliament):

1. For remaining charges in the Soudan and Upper Egypt - -1

2. For special Naval and Military preparations - .

11,000,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 19.

H.R.H. the Princess Beatrice (Marriage Portion).

For the marriage portion of Her Royal Highness the Princess Beatrice Marie Victoria Feodora -

30,000

43 & 44 Vict. c. 1.

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to appoint Public Works Loan Commissioners, to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and for the purpose of loans and purchases by the Irish Land Commission, and to make other provisions relating to those Commissioners.

[14th August 1885.]

WHEREAS the persons appointed Public Works Loan Commissioners by the Public Works Loans Act, 1880, were appointed to hold office for a period of five years from the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, and it is

349

1885. Public Works Loam Act, 1885. Ch. 65.

expedient to appoint Commissioners for a further period of five years:

And whereas it is expedient to grant money for the purpose of the said Commissioners, and of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and of the Irish Land Commission, and to make further provisions respecting certain loans granted by the said Commissioners:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1885.

PART I.

Appointment of Commissioners.

2. The following persons; that is to say,

Thomson Hankey, Esq.

Sir Henry Hussey Vivian, Bart., M.P.

William Jones Loyd, Esq.

Herbert Barnard, Esq.

The Rt. Hon. Lord Napier and Ettrick, K.T.

Richard Musgrave Harvey, Esq.

The Rt. Hon. Lord Cottesloe.

Sir Charles Henry Mills, Bart., M.P.

Edward Howley Palmer, Esq.

Thomas Salt, Esq., M.P.

Charles Loyd Norman, Esq.

Benjamin Buck Greene, Esq.

Samuel Steuart Gladstone, Esq.

The Rt. Hon. George Sclater- Booth, M.P.

Herbert Cokayne Gibbs, Esq., and Edward Birkbeck, Esq., M.P. shall, after the passing of this Act, be Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, and shall hold office until the expiration of five years from the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six.

Appointment of Public Works Loan Commissioners for fire years.

PART II.

Grant of Money for Public Works Loan Commissioners.

3. (1.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Grant of Commissioners — 3,000,000l. for

x i | .1 . Public Works

(a.) Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of Loans.

three million pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, as ss & 39 Vict. amended by the Public Works Loans Act, 1879; and c- 8*j *

(6.) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt 4277 43 lct' may advance any part or parts of the total sum above in this section mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund:

350

Ch. 65.

Grant of 1, 500,000l. for loans by Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 27.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 77.

Grant of 100,000l. to Land Commission.

44 & 45 Vict. i. 49.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 43.

Reduction of interest on loan to Londonderry and

Public Works Loans Act, 1885. 4S & 49 Vict.

and such sums may be issued and advanced during the period ending on the day on which a further A.ct granting money for the purpose of the said loans comes into operation.

(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

PART III.

Grant of Money for Public Works Commissioners, Ireland.

4. (1.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, —

(a.) Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole one million five hundred thousand pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by Part Two of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, as amended by the Public Works Loans Act, 1879; and

(b.) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may advance any part or parts of the total sum above in this section mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund; and such sums may be issued and advanced during the period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purpose of the said loans comes into operation.

(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by Part Two of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

PART IV.

Grant of Money for Irish Land Commission.

5. (1.) For the purpose of advances or of purchases of estates by the Irish Land Commission under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, and under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by the said Acts, and such sums may be issued during the period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purpose of such advances or purchases comes into operation.

(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by the said Acts, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

PART V.

Provision as to certain Loans.

6. Whereas the Public Works Loan Commissioners, in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, advanced to the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Company, incorporated by

1885.

351

Public Works Loam Act, 1885. Ch. 65.

the Lough Swilly Railway Act, 1853, bj' two instalments, the sum of thirteen thousand pounds, on the security of the railway and works of such company, to be repaid within the period of fifteen years from the dates of the securities for such instalments, and bearing interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum:

And whereas in pursuance of a Treasury warrant, dated the sixth day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, the said loan is to be repaid within twenty-two years from that date:

And whereas in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four the rate of interest on loans advanced to Irish railway companies by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland was reduced to four per cent, per annum, and it is expedient to authorise the same reduction in the case of the said loan from the Public Works Loan Commissioners: Be it therefore enacted as follows: The Public Works Loan Commissioners, with the approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may reduce the interest payable on the balance outstanding of the loan of thirteen thousand pounds to the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Company to the rate of four per cent per annum as from the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three.

7. Whereas by an Act of the first year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter eighty-four (local and personal), intituled "An Act for making and maintaining certain roads and " bridges in the counties of Lanark and Dumbarton, " the predecessors of the Public Works Loan Commissioners were required to advance, and accordingly advanced, in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty, to the Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges fifty-one thousand four hundred and fifty pounds for the purpose of making and completing certain roads in the said counties; and the sum of two thousand four hundred and twenty pounds five shillings and threepence, being unexpended, was afterwards repaid, leaving a net sum of forty-nine thousand and twenty-nine pounds fourteen shillings and ninepence due in respect of the loan:

And whereas the said net sum due was in pursuance of the Acts in that behalf apportioned as follows: —

(a.) The sum of thirty-two thousand three hundred and ninety-six pounds twelve shillings and tenpence was apportioned as a debt due from the trustees of the North and South Lanarkshire roads; and (6.) The sum of sixteen thousand six hundred and thirty* three pounds one shilling and elevenpence was apportioned as a debt due from the trustees of the East and West Lanarkshire roads: And the said sums, with interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum from the twenty-second day of August one thousand eight hundred and twenty, were made payable by the said trustees respectively, and two thirds of the net surplus tolls of the respective road trusts were charged with the repayment of the said debts:

And whereas no part of the principal of either of the said debts has been repaid, and the arrears of interest due amounted to eighty-six thousand five hundred and twenty-three pounds nineteen shillings and threepence in respect of the North and South Lanarkshire roads up to the twenty-sixth day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, and to the sum of forty thousand five hundred and

Lough Swilly Railway Company.

Composition of debt due from Lanarkshire road trustees.

352

41 & 42 Vict. c. 51.

Remission of loan to Timothy Moore under 29 & 30 Vict. c. 44.

Ch. 65. P.vblic Works Loans Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

forty-nine pounds thirteen shillings up to the seventeenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five in respect of the East and West Lanarkshire roads:

And whereas by the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, the said roads and tolls are vested in the road trustees of the counties in which such roads are situated, and such trustees are empowered in the event of any debt on such tolls not being adjusted in conjunction with the creditor to tender to such creditor a statement of the value of such debt, which statement is to determine the value of such debt unless such creditor appeals within one month to the Debt Commissioners mentioned in the said Act, and the debt when valued is a charge on the road trustees and the local authorities of the burghs, and the assessments to be imposed under the said Act, and is to bear interest at the rate of four per centum per annum, and any debt not so valued is extinguished:

And whereas in pursuance of the said Act the road trustees have tendered to the Public Works Loan Commissioners statements of the value of the debt due from the North and South Lanarkshire road trustees, as on the fifteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and eighty, to be six thousand two hundred and eighty-seven pounds three shillings and sevenpence, and of the debt due from the East and West Lanarkshire road trustees, as on the fifteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, to be four thousand five hundred and forty-nine pounds and ten shillings, and such values have been calculated on the basis of a twenty years purchase of the average annual sums received by the Public Works Loan Commissioners from the tolls of the said roads respectively during the seven years preceding the dates of such valuations:

And whereas it is expedient to authorise the Public Works Loan Commissioners to remit all sums due in respect of the said debts over and above the said values, and the interest thereon, at the rate of four per centum per annum until payment Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

The Public Works Loan Commissioners, with the approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may remit all principal and interest due in respect of the said loans to the North and South Lanarkshire and East and West Lanarkshire road trustees which may be due over and above the sum of six thousand two hundred and eighty-seven pounds three shillings and seven-pence, and the interest thereon, in respect of the debt of the North and South Lanarkshire road trustees, and over and above the sum of four thousand five hundred and forty-nine pounds and ten shillings, and the interest thereon, in respect of the debt of the East and West Lanarkshire road trustees.

All sums so remitted shall be deemed to have been a free grant by Parliament.

8. Whereas the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, under the Labouring Classes Lodging-Houses and Dwellings Act (Ireland), 1866, advanced in the years one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, to Timothy Moore, on the security of a mortgage, dated twenty-third June one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, of certain premises situate on the North Strand, in

1885.

353

Public Works Loam Act, 1885. Ch. 65, 66.

the parish of Saint Thomas, in the city of Dublin, various sums amounting to four hundred and twenty-four pounds seventeen shillings and sixpence, to be repaid, with interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, within forty years:

And whereas such sums were advanced for the purpose of the erection of buildings to be used as dwellings for the labouring classes, and were expended in such erection:

And whereas on account of the said loan there remained due in the month of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three a sum of four hundred and seventeen pounds seventeen shillings and sixpence in respect of principal, and twenty-two pounds four shillings and eightpence in respect of arrears of interest, and no sum has since been received:

And whereas the said mortgaged premises were held under a lease subject to the yearly rent of eighty-four pounds, and the lessor on such rent falling into arrear obtained in the month of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, judgment of ejectment for nonpayment of the said rent against the said Timothy Moore: And whereas the value of the premises was such that it was not prudent for the said Commissioners to redeem on such ejectment by paying the rent in arrear, and therefore the security of the said premises was lost to the said Commissioners, and it is considered to be impracticable to otherwise recover the said debt from the said Timothy Moore: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may remit all principal and interest due from the said Timothy Moore under the said mortgage of the twenty-third June one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, and the amount so remitted shall be deemed to be a free grant by Parliament.

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to accelerate the hearing of Appeals under the Acts relating to the Registration of Voters in Ireland in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

[14th August 1885.)

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, Sittings of notwithstanding any enactment to the contrary, it shall be lawful Court of for Her Majesty's Court of Appeal in Ireland to commence their Appea ' sittings for the hearing of appeals under the Acts relating to the registration of Parliamentary voters in Ireland on any day after the twentieth of October, to be determined by the judges constituting that court.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Registration Appeals (Ireland) Act, 1885.

354

Ch. 67. Indian Army Pension Deficiency Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

CHAPTER 67.

An Act to provide for the discharge of the liability of the Consolidated Fund in respect of certain Indian Army Pensions.

[14th August 1885.]

WHEREAS pensions and other retiring allowances (in this Act referred to as pensions) granted to persons in respect of service in Her Majesty's military forces, are paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, and where such persons have served in India, a part of such pensions (in this Act referred to as Indian Army pensions) proportionate to their period of service in India ought to be repaid out of the revenues of India;

And whereas under an arrangement with the Government of India in respect of Indian Army pensions, which first came into course of payment before the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy, no sum has been since the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy, or will be so repaid except as herein-after mentioned, whereby a large annual sum has become charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom;

And whereas in respect of the Indian Army pensions granted to men serving in regiments of the East India Company and transferred to Her Majesty's army, which first came into course of payment before the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy, a sum was repaid out of the revenues of India, on account of the capital value thereof, but such sum is insufficient to cover the amount of such pensions, and thereby the deficiency has become charged on and is payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom;

And whereas under an arrangement with the Government of India as to repayments out of the revenues of India in respect of the Indian Army pensions which first came into course of payment during the period beginning on the first day of April one thousand 'eight hundred and seventy, the capital value thereof was to be ascertained and paid out of the revenues of India, but such arrangement in consequence of entailing a loss upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom has been determined and applies only to Indian Army pensions which first came into course of payment before the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four;

And whereas a portion of the capital value due under the said arrangement, has been ascertained and paid out of the revenues of India, and the remainder thereof is in course of being ascertained, and, when ascertained, will be paid out of the revenues of India;

And whereas in several years ending on the thirty-first day of March (in this Act referred to as financial year) the whole amount so paid out of the revenues of India in respect of the said capital value of Indian Army pensions was paid into the Exchequer and Applied as part of the annual revenue of the Consolidated Fund, although a portion thereof represented the capital value of the said pensions, and, by reason of such application, the Consolidated Fund is liable in future years to the payment of the said pensions without any further payment in respect thereof from the revenues of India;

188-3. Indian Army Pension Deficiency Act, 1885. Ch. 67. 355

And whereas in other financial years a portion of the amount so paid out of the revenues of India in respect of the said capital value of Indian Army pensions was paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, and the residue thereof was paid into the Bank of England in the name of Her Majesty's Paymaster-General, and carried in his books to an account intituled " The Indian Army Non-effective Arrears";

And whereas the net liability of the Consolidated Fund on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four resulting from the causes above mentioned, after deducting the sums standing to the said " Indian Army Non-effective Arrears " account, and the sums which will be payable out of the revenues of India in respect of the capital value of Indian Army pensions has been estimated at a sum of four million two hundred thousand pounds or thereabouts;

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the gradual discharge of such liability:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Act, 1885.

2. There shall be paid to the Commissioners for the Reduction Establishment

of the National Debt (in this Act referred to as the National Debt Amy pension Commissioners) the following moneys, that is to say, Deficiency

(cl)all sums now standing in the books of Her Majesty's Pay- Fund-master-General to the account of the Indian Army Non-effective Arrears; '

(b.) all sums from time to time paid out of the revenues of India to Her Majesty's Paymaster-General, in respect of the Indian Army pensions which first came into course of payment before the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, or in respect of any other Indian Army pensions mentioned in this Act; and

(c.) the annuity created by this Act.

Such moneys are in this Act referred to as the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund.

3. — (1.) The National Debt Commissioners shall pay out of the Application of Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund such sums as may from time p1en, ^rmy to time be certified, by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of Deficiency State, to be estimated to be required to repay the charge payable Fund.

in any financial year in respect of Indian Army pensions which first came into course of payment during the period beginning on the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy, and ending on the thirty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and in respect of the Indian Army pensions which were granted to men serving in regiments of the East India Company and transferred to Her Majesty's Army, and which first came into course of payment before the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy.

(2.) On the determination of all such pensions, all moneys standing to the account of the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund shall

356

Creation of annuity to meet deficiency.

Management of Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund.

Ch. 67, 68. Indian Army Pension Deficiency Act, 1885.48 & 49 Vict.

be applied by the National Debt Commissioners as if they were part of the old sinking fund.

4. — (1.) There shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund to the National Debt Commissioners an annuity of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, beginning on the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and payable by such periodical payments as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from time to time fix.

(2.) As soon as all charges on the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund cease, the annuity under this section shall determine.

5. — (1.) The National Debt Commissioners shall from time to time invest any moneys forming part of the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund which are not for the time being required for the other purposes of this Act, in any securities in which they may invest moneys held by them on account of savings banks, and may from time to time sell the securities in which they have so invested. All money arising from the income or sale of such securities shall be carried to and form part of the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund, and may be invested and applied accordingly.

(2.) The National Debt Commissioners may from time to time lend to the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund, on the security of that fund, any moneys held by them on account of savings banks or otherwise, which they have power to invest in Government securities, and any sum so lent shall be a charge on the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund, and be repaid out of that fund by an annuity of such amount, and for such term as may be certified by the Comptroller or Assistant Comptroller, and the Actuary of the National Debt Office, to be sufficient to repay the sum borrowed with interest at three and a quarter per cent, per annum.

(3.) Such accounts of the Indian Army Pension Deficiency Fund shall annually be laid before Parliament as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct.

CHAPTER 68.

An Act to amend the Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1875.

[14th August 1885.]

38 & 39 Vict WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation)

c. 28, Act, 1875, one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State

(therein referred to as the Secretary of State) is authorised by order to make regulations respecting the grant to the officers of the staff of the metropolitan police mentioned in the schedule to that Act of superannuation allowances, compensations, gratuities, or other allowances on the like principles and conditions as were in force at the passing of that Act with respect to persons in the permanent civil service of the State, and a copy of the order proposed to be made is to lie before both Houses of Parliament for not less than twenty-one days before it is finally made by the Secretary of State:

And whereas an Order in pursuance of the said Act was duly made by the Secretary of State, dated the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six:

357

1885. Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1885. Ch. 68.

And whereas doubts have arisen as to the power of the Secretary of State to make any amending order, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Staff Super- Short title, animation Act, 1885.

This Act shall be construed as one with the Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1875, and together with that Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Acts, 1875 and 1885.

2. The Secretary of State may from time to time make a new Amendment of order in pursuance of section one of the Metropolitan Police Staff order under (Superannuation) Act, 1875, and may thereby revoke or vary any efas.39 VICT' order previously made in pursuance of that section, whether before

or after the passing of this Act.

Provided that —

(a) any such order shall not apply without his consent to any person holding office at the time when the order is made; and

(b) if any superannuation allowance has been granted before the making of the order to any officer in pursuance of an order made under the said Act the Secretary of State may, if he think fit, grant to such officer on his application a superannuation allowance in accordance with the new order in lieu of the superannuation allowance previously granted.

3. The regulations contained in the schedule to this Act shall Order in have effect as if contained in an order made by the Secretary of Schedule-State in pursuance of the Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875, as amended by this Act, and they shall accordingly

be subject to the [provisoes subject to which an Order made in pursuance of this Act is subject.

SCHEDULE.

Regulations.

Paragraph thirteen of the Order made by the Secretary of State in pursuance of the Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1875, and dated the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy -six, shall be revoked, and the following paragraph shall have effect as if inserted in the Order in lieu thereof:

In substitution for Paragraph 13.

Where an officer holding any employment remunerated out of public Right to super-

moneys, and not in the police service, is appointed to the police service, annuation

the Secretary of State may grant to such officer, upon his ultimate retire- a^owance of . *J *? , officer trans-

ment from the police service, the same superannuation, compensation, ferredfc©m

gratuity, or other allowance as he might have granted under this Order if Other publio

the whole period of the service of such officer in employments remunerated employment to

out of public moneys which has been practically continuous had been in the police service.

police service, subject nevertheless to a deduction of the amount of such

pension, gratuity, or other allowance as may be otherwise allowed him in

respect of his previous employment remunerated out of public moneys:

Provided that if his service in his former employment has formed his quali-

358

Ch. 68, 69. MetropolitanPoliceStaffSuperannuation Act. 48 & 49 Vict 49 Vict.

fication under an order made in pursuance of Regulation four of this Order, either the period of his service in such employment or the number of years added by such Order may be reckoned, but both shall not be reckoned for the purpose of any such superannuation, compensation, gratuity, or other allowance to be granted in pursuance of this Order.

CHAPTER 69.

An Act to make further provision for the Protection of Women and Girls, the suppression of brothels, and other purposes.

[14th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Criminal Law Amendment Actr 1885.

Part I.

Procuration.

Procuring defilement of woman by threats or fraud or administering drugs.

Protection of Women and Girls.

2. Any person who —

(1.) Procures or attempts to procure any girl or woman under twenty-one years of age, not being a common prostitute, or of known immoral character, to have unlawful carnal connexion, either within or without the Queen's dominions, with any other person or persons; or

(2.) Procures or attempts to procure any woman or girl to become, either within or without the Queen's dominions, a common prostitute; or

(3.) Procures or attempts to procure any woman or girl to leave the United Kingdom, with intent that she may become an inmate of a brothel elsewhere; or

(4.) Procures or attempts to procure any woman or girl to leave her usual place of abode in the United Kingdom (such place not being a brothel), with intent that she may, for the purposes of prostitution, become an inmate of a brothel within or without the Queen's dominions, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour.

Provided that no person shall be convicted of any offence under this section upon the evidence of one witness, unless such witness be corroborated in some material particular by evidence implicating the accused.

3. Any person who —

(1.) By threats or intimidation procures or attempts to procure any woman or girl to have any unlawful carnal connexion, either within or without the Queen's dominions; or

(2.) By false pretences or false representations procures any woman or girl, not being a common prostitute or of known immoral character, to have any unlawful carnal connexion, either within or without the Queen's dominions; or

1885.

Criminal Law Amendment , 1885. Ch. 69.

359

(3.) Applies, administers to, or causes to be taken by any woman or girl any drug, matter, or thing, with intent to stupefy or overpower so as thereby to enable any person to have unlawful carnal connexion with such woman or girl, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour.

Provided that no person shall be convicted of an offence under this section upon the evidence of one witness only, unless such witness be corroborated in some material particular by evidence implicating the accused.

4. Any person who —

Defilement of

unlawfully and carnally knows any girl under the age of thirteen

years tfage?*"

shall be guilty of felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be kept in penal servitude for life, or for any term not less than five years, or to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour.

Any person who attempts to have unlawful carnal knowledge of any girl under the age of thirteen years shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour.

Provided that in the case of an offender whose age does not exceed sixteen years, the court may, instead of sentencing him to any term of imprisonment, order him to be whipped, as prescribed by the Act of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Victoria, chapter eighteen, intituled " An Act to amend the law as to the Whipping " of Juvenile and other Offenders/' and the said Act shall apply, so far as circumstances admit, as if the offender had been convicted in manner in that Act mentioned; and if, having regard to his age and all the circumstances of the case, it should appear expedient, the court may, in addition to the sentence of whipping, order him to be sent to a certified reformatory school, and to be there detained for a period of not less than two years and not more than five years.

The court may also order the offender to be detained in custody for a period of not more than seven days before he is sent to such reformatory school.

Where, upon the hearing of a charge under this section, the girl in respect of whom the offence is charged to have been committed, or any other child of tender years who is tendered as a witness, does not, in the opinion of the court or justices, understand the nature of an oath, the evidence of such girl or other child of tender years may be received, though not given upon oath, if, in the opinion of the court or justices, as the case may be, such girl or other child of tender years is possessed of sufficient intelligence to justify the reception of the evidence, and understands the duty of speaking the truth: Provided that no person shall be liable to be convicted of the offence unless the testimony admitted by virtue of this section and given on behalf of the prosecution shall be corroborated by some other material evidence in support thereof implicating the accused: Provided also, that any witness whose

360 Ch. 69. Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Defilement of girl between thirteen and sixteen years of age.

Householder, &c. permitting defilement of young girl on his premises.

evidence has been admitted under this section shall be liable to indictment and punishment for perjury in all respects as if he or she had been sworn.

Whereas doubts have been entertained whether a man who induces a married woman to permit him to have connexion with her by personating her husband is or is not guilty of rape, it is hereby enacted and declared that every such offender shall be deemed to be guilty of rape.

5. Any person who —

(1.) Unlawfully and carnally knows or attempts to have unlawful carnal knowledge of any girl being of or above the age of thirteen years and under the age of sixteen years; or

(2.) Unlawfully and carnally knows, or attempts to have unlawful carnal knowledge of any female idiot or imbecile woman or girl, under circumstances which do not amount to rape, but which prove that the offender knew at the time of the commission of the offence that the woman or girl was an idiot or imbecile,

shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour.

Provided that it shall be a sufficient defence to any charge under sub-section one of this section if it shall be made to appear to the court or jury before whom the charge shall be brought that the person so charged had reasonable cause to believe that the girl was of or above the age of sixteen years.

Provided also, that no prosecution shall be commenced for an offence under sub-section one of this section more than three months after the commission of the offence.

6. Any person who, being the owner or occupier of any premises, or having, or acting or assisting in, the management or control thereof —

induces or knowingly suffers any girl of such age as is in this section mentioned to resort to or be in or upon such premises for the purpose of being unlawfully and carnally known by any man, whether such carnal knowledge is intended to be with any particular man or generally,

(1) shall, if such girl is under the age of thirteen years, be . guilty of felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be kept in penal servitude for life, or for any term not less than five years, or to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour; and

(2) if such girl is of or above the age of thirteen and under the age of sixteen years, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour.

Provided that it shall be a sufficient defence to any charge under this section if it shall be made to appear to the court or jury before whom the charge shall be brought that the person so charged had reasonable cause to believe that the girl was of or above the age of sixteen years.

1885. Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885. Ch. 69.

7. Any person who —

with intent that any unmarried girl under the age of eighteen years should be unlawfully and carnally known by any man, whether such carnal knowledge is intended to be with any particular man, or generally —

takes or causes to be taken such girl out of the possession and against the will of her father or mother, or any other person having the lawful care or charge of her, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour.

Provided that it shall be a sufficient defence to any charge under this section if it shall be made to appear to the court or jury that the person so charged had reasonable cause to believe that the girl was of or above the age of eighteen years.

8. Any person who detains any woman or girl against her will —

(1.) In or upon any premises with intent that she maybe unlawfully and carnally known by any man, whether any particular man, or generally, or

(2.) In any brothel, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hal'd labour.

Where a woman or girl is in or upon any premises for the purpose of having any unlawful carnal connexion, or is in any brothel, a person shall be deemed to detain such woman or girl in or upon such premises or in such brothel, if, with intent to compel or induce her to remain in or upon such premises or in such brothel, such person withholds from such woman or girl any wearing apparel or other property belonging to her, or, where wearing apparel has been lent or otherwise supplied to such woman or girl by or by the direction of such person, such person threatens such woman or girl with legal proceedings if she takes away with her the wearing apparel so lent or supplied.

No legal proceedings, whether civil or criminal, shall be taken against any such woman or girl for taking away or being found in possession of any such wearing apparel as was necessary to enable her to leave such premises or brothel.

9. If upon the trial of any indictment for rape, or any offence made felony by section four of this Act, the jury shall be satisfied that the defendant is guilty of an offence under section three, four, or five of this Act, or of an indecent assault, but are not satisfied that the defendant is guilty of the felony charged in such indictment, or of an attempt to commit the same, then and in every such case the jury may acquit the defendant of such felony, and find him guilty of such offence as aforesaid, or of an indecent assault, and thereupon such defendant shall be liable to be punished in the same manner as if he had been convicted upon an indictment for such offence as aforesaid, or for the misdemeanor of indecent assault.

10. If it appears to any justice of the peace, on information made before him on oath by any parent, relative, or guardian of any woman or girl, or any other person who, in the opinion of the justice, is bona fide acting in the interest of any woman or girl, that there

361

Abduction of girl under eighteen with intent to have carnal knowledge.

Unlawful detention with intent to have carnal knowledge.

Power, on indictment for rape, to convict of certain misdemeanors.

Power of search.

362

Ch. 69.

Outrages on decency.

Custody of girls under sixteen.

Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

is reasonable cause to suspect that such woman or girl is unlawfully detained for immoral purposes by any person in any place within the jurisdiction of such justice, such justice may issue a warrant authorizing any person named therein to search for, and, when found, to take to and detain in a place of safety such woman or girl until she can be brought before a justice of the peace; and the justice of the peace before whom such woman or girl is brought may cause her to be delivered up to her parents or guardians, or otherwise dealt with as circumstances may permit and require.

The justice of the peace issuing such warrant may, by the same or any other warrant, cause any person accused of so unlawfully detaining such woman or girl to be apprehended and brought before a justice, and proceedings to be taken for punishing such person according to law.

A woman or girl shall be deemed to be unlawfully detained for immoral purposes if she is so detained for the purpose of being unlawfully and carnally known by any man, whether any particular man or generally, and —

(a.) Either is under the age of sixteen years; or (b.) If of or over the age of sixteen years, and under the age of eighteen years, is so detained against her will, or against the will of her father or mother or of any other person having the lawful care or charge of her; or (c.) If of or above the age of eighteen years is so detained against her will.

Any person authorized by warrant under this section to search for any woman or girl so detained as aforesaid may enter (if need be by force) any house, building, or other place specified in such warrant, and may remove such woman or girl therefrom.

Provided always, that every warrant issued under this section shall be addressed to and executed by some superintendent, inspector, or other officer of police, who shall be accompanied by the parent, relative, or guardian or other person making the information, if such person so desire, unless the justice shall otherwise direct.

11, Any male person who, in public or private, commits, or is a party to the commission of, or procures or attempts to procure the commission by any male person of, any act of gross indecency with another male person, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour.

12. Where on the trial of any offence under this Act it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that the seduction or prostitution of a girl under the age of sixteen has been caused, encouraged, or favoured by her father, mother, guardian, master, or mistress, it shall be in the power of the court to divest such father, mother, guardian, master, or mistress of all authority over her, and to appoint any person or persons willing to take charge of such girl to be her guardian until she has attained the age of twenty-one, or any age below this as the court may direct, and the High Court shall have the power from time to time to rescind or vary such order by the appointment of any other person or persons as such guardian, or in any other respect.

1885.

Ch. 60.

363

Criminal Law Amendment, 1885.

Part II.

Suppression of Brothels.

13. Any person who —

(1.) keeps or manages or acts or assists in the management of a

brothel, or

(2.) being the tenant, leasee, or occupier of any premises, knowingly permits such premises or any part thereof to be used as a brothel or for the purposes of habitual prostitution, or

(3.) being the lessor or landlord of any premises, or the agent of such lessor or landlord, lets the same or any part thereof with the knowledge that such premises or some part thereof are or is to be used as a brothel, or is wilfully a party to the continued, use of such premises or any part thereof as a brothel, shall on summary conviction in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts be liable —

(1.) to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for any term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour, and

(2.) on a second or subsequent conviction to a penalty not exceeding forty pounds, or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for any term not exceeding four months, with or without hard labour;

and in case of a third or subsequent conviction such person may, in addition to such penalty or imprisonment as last aforesaid, be required by the court to enter into a recognizance, with or without sureties, as to the court seems meet, to be of good behaviour for any period not exceeding twelve months, and in default of entering into such recognizance, with or without sureties (as the case may be), such person may be imprisoned for any period not exceeding three months, in addition to any such term of imprisonment as aforesaid.

Any person on being summarily convicted in pursuance of this section may appeal to a court of general or quarter sessions against such conviction.

The enactments for encouraging prosecutions of disorderly houses contained in sections five, six, and seven of the Act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Second, chapter thirty-six, as amended by the enactment contained in section seven of the Act passed in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, chapter seventy, shall, with the necessary modifications, be deemed to apply to prosecutions under this section, and the said enactments shall, for the purposes of this section, be construed as if the prosecution in such enactments mentioned included summary proceedings under this section as well as a prosecution on indictment.

Part III.

Definitions and Miscellaneous.

14. In this Act —

The expression "The Summary Jurisdiction Acts " —

(a) as regards England means the Summary Jurisdiction English) Acts within the meaning of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, and

Summary proceedings against brothel keeper, &c.

Definitions.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49

364

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Application of Act to Scotland.

27 & 28 Vict c. 53.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 33.

Saving of liability to other criminal proceedings.

Procedure on indictments under Act

Costs.

Repeal of enactments in schedule.

Person charged and his wife to be competent witnesses.

Ch. 69. Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

(b) as regards Ireland means within the police district of Dublin metropolis the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace of such district or of the police of such district, and elsewhere in Ireland the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and the Acts amending the same.

15. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

The expression "misdemeanor " shall mean a crime and offence.

The expression "felony " shall mean a high crime and offence.

The expression "a justice of the peace, " and the expression "two justices, " shall include sheriff and sheriff substitute.

The expression "The Summary Jurisdiction Acts " shall mean the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881, and any Acts amending the same.

The expression "enter into a recognizance with or without sureties " shall mean " grant a bond of caution."

The expression "High Court or Court of General or Quarter Sessions " shall mean the High Court or a Circuit Court of Justiciary.

16. This Act shall not exempt any person from any proceeding for an offence which is punishable at common law, or under any Act of Parliament other than this Act, so that a person be not punished twice for the same offence.

17. Every misdemeanor under this Act shall, in England and Ireland, be deemed to be an offence within, and subject to, the provisions of the Act of the session of the twenty* second and twenty-third years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventeen, intituled "An Act to prevent vexatious indictments for certain misdemeanors, " and any Act amending the same, and no indictment under the provisions of this Act shall in England be tried by any court of quarter sessions.

18. The court before which any misdemeanor indictable under this Act, or any case of indecent assault, shall be prosecuted or tried may allow the costs of the prosecution, in the same manner as in cases of felony, and may in like manner, on conviction, order payment of such costs by the person convicted; and every order for the allowance or payment of such costs shall be made out, and the sum of money mentioned therein paid and repaid upon the same terms and in the same manner in all respects as in cases of felony.

19. The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of the said Schedule, except as to anything heretofore duly done thereunder, and except so far as may be necessary for the purpose of supporting and continuing any proceeding taken or of prosecuting or punishing any person for any offence committed before the passing of this Act.

20. Every person charged with an offence under this Act or under section forty-eight and sections fifty-two to fifty-five, both inclusive, of the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred, or any of such sections, and the husband or wife of the person so charged, shall be competent but not compellable witnesses on every hearing at every stage of such charge, except an inquiry before a grand jury.

1885.

865

Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885. Ch. 69, 70.

SCHEDULE. Section 15.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 100. An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Offences against the Person. Section forty-nine, and in section fifty-two the words "or any attempt " to have carnal knowledge of any girl " under twelve years " of age."

38 & 39 Vict. c. 94. - The Offences against the Person Act, 1875. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 70.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Scottish Sea Fisheries and for other purposes relating thereto.

[14th August 1885.]

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Amend- Short title, ment Act, 1885, and shall be read and construed along with the

Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

2. This Act shall apply only to Scotland, and to the parts of the Application, sea adjoining Scotland.

3. In this Act " Sea Fisheries Acts " shall mean the Sea Definition.

Fisheries Act, 1868, the Sea Fisheries Act, 1875, and the Sea 314532 lcL Fisheries Act, 1883, and this Act. 88 Vict. c. is.

4. When the Fishery Board for Scotland, herein-after called the Fishery Board Fishery Board, are satisfied that any mode of fishing in any part J-f mhibU-e of the sea adjoining Scotland, and within the exclusive fishery jngor regulat-limits of the British Islands, is injurious to any kind of sea fishing ing trawling within that part, or where it appears to the Fishery Board desirable defined to make experiments or observations with the view of ascertaining whether any particular mode of fishing is injurious, or for the purposes of fish culture or experiments in fish culture, the Fishery

Board may make byelaws for restricting or prohibiting, either entirely or subject to such regulations as may be provided by the byelaw, any method of fishing for sea fish within the said part, during such time or times as they think fit, and may from time to time make byelaws for altering or revoking any such byelaws.

A byelaw under this Act shall not be of any validity until it is confirmed by the Secretary for Scotland.

A byelaw shall not be confirmed until the expiration of one month after notice of the intention to apply for its confirmation has

366

Steam trawlers fishing off Scotland to have letters and numbers painted on the quarter.

Fishery Board may require statistics of sea fisheries.

Ch. 70. Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1885.48 & 49 Vict.

been given by the Fishery Board by advertisement in one or more newspapers circulating in the county or counties adjoining the part of the sea to which such byelaw applies.

The Secretary for Scotland shall allow any person to make a representation for his interest against the confirmation of any byelaw, on a notice of objection being given by such person to the Fishery Board within the said period of one month, and may, if he see fit, allow parties to be heard thereon.

Every byelaw when confirmed shall be published in the Edinburgh Gazette, and in such further mode as the Secretary for Scotland may direct.

A copy of the Edinburgh Gazette containing a byelaw shall be evidence in all legal proceedings until the contrary is proved of the due making, confirmation, and existence of such byelaw, without further or other proof.

Any person contravening a byelaw duly confirmed shall be guilty of an offence under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and failing immediate payment of the fine to imprisonment for a period not exceeding sixty days, without prejudice to diligence by poinding or arrestment, if no imprisonment has followed on the conviction.

5. Every British sea-fishing boat propelled by steam, fishing in any part of the sea adjoining Scotland, shall, in addition to having the number and letters painted on the bow in manner provided by the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883, have the initial letter or letters of the port to which it belongs, and the registry number in the series of numbers for that port, painted in white oil-colour on a black ground, on the funnel twelve inches from the top, and on the quarter three or four inches below the gunwale, and so as to be clearly visible, of the dimensions prescribed for the letters and numbers on the bow by the regulations in force for the time being for the lettering, numbering, and registering of British sea-fishing boats under the Sea Fisheries Acts or any Act amending the same.

This section shall be enforced in the same manner as if it were contained in such regulations.

It shall be the duty of the Fishery Board to enforce the provisions of the Sea Fisheries Acts, and of any Orders in Council following thereon, with respect to the numbering and lettering of fishing boats by directing their officers being sea fishery officers to use the powers in that behalf conferred upon sea fishery officers by the said Acts and Orders in Council.

6. The Fishery Board shall have power to require all fishermen and other persons belonging to British sea-fishing boats, and all fish curers catching or curing any kind of sea fish in Scotland, or in any part of the sea adjoining Scotland, to make returns, in such form and at such periods as may be prescribed by the Fishery Board with the sanction of the Secretary for Scotland, of all sea fish which are caught or cured by them respectively.

The Secretary for Scotland, before sanctioning the form or period prescribed for any such return, shall communicate with the Board of Trade, and copies of all such returns shall be immediately furnished by the Fishery Board to the Board of Trade.

1885. Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1885. Ch. 70. 307

Any person failing to make a full and correct return under this section shall be guilty of an offence against the Sea Fisheries Act,

1883, and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

7. Every case under the Sea Fisheries Acts may be prosecuted Sea fishery

in any sheriff court which the Fishery Board may declare, by a n_

notice under the hand of the secretary to the board to the Procu- sation under ~ rator Fiscal of such sheriff court, to be the court nearest to the ten pounds, spot where the offence was committed, or otherwise the most convenient for the trial of the case.

Where an offence has been committed by any person belonging to a British sea-fishing boat in Scotland, or in any part of the sea adjoining Scotland, against the Sea Fisheries Acts; whereby any injury is done by one sea-fishing boat to another, or the nets, lines, and gear thereof, or any of the apparatus used in fishing by the said boat, it shall be lawful for any sea fishery officer to whom complaint is made by the party injured, verbally or in writing, to make such examination or inquiry into the said complaint as he deems necessary, and, after affording the respondent an opportunity of being heard, to prepare and sign a report to the Fishery Board, setting forth succinctly the facts of the case and the amount of the damage done, and he shall supply a copy of such report to the party injured or to the respondent on payment of the sum of one shilling therefor, and it shall be competent for either party in any legal proceedings that may be raised for the recovery of the damage or any part thereof, to call upon the Fishery Board to transmit such report to the clerk of the court in which such case is to be tried, and such report shall be received as evidence in the cause without requiring that the said sea fishery officer shall appear to make oath to the truth thereof, and when such report is produced, no other evidence shall be received of the amount of such damage unless the court shall consider it necessary, in order to be able to do justice in the cause; and in any case in which the damage as found by the sheriff before whom the case comes for trial shall exceed twelve pounds, appeal shall be competent as in ordinary causes before the sheriff court

8. Sub-section one of section fifteep of the Sea Fisheries Act, Compensation

1883, is hereby repealed. catwedlb8 *

Where any offence is committed, as set forth in section seven offence. J hereof, it shall be competent for the person whose property has been injured to give notice in writing to the person committing such offence, and to the sheriff clerk, that at the trial of said offence the sheriff will be called upon to consider and dispose of the question of damages, and, in such case, the evidence led at said trial shall be evidence for the consideration of the sheriff on the question of damages, and tho sheriff, at the conclusion of the said trial, shall proceed to consider and dispose of the question of compensation to the injured party, and if a report of a sea fishery officer has been produced, as set forth in section seven hereof, the sheriff shall not allow any additional evidence to be heard unless he shall consider it to be necessary in order to do justice in the case; and, if he -shall allow additional evidence, the accused person shall be allowed to be examined as a witness on the question of the amount of

LT:iK I.AW 1IKPORT8.] A ft

368

Construction and hooping of herring barrels.

Powers of sea fishery officers.

Transfer of powers of Board of Trade.

40 & 41 Vict c. 42.

44 Vict. c. 11.

Ch. 70, 71. SeaFi8herie8(Scotland) Amendment Act , 1885.48 & 49 Vict.

damages, and shall, if oral evidence is to be taken on the question of damages, allow the accused person to be examined as a witness on the question of damages, and shall, after hearing parties, give decree as in an ordinary action before the sheriff court.

9. Notwithstanding anything contained in section forty of the Act passed in the session of the forty-eighth year of His Majesty King George the Third, chapter one hundred and ten, it shall be lawful to pack, ship, or export cured white herrings in barrels made in such manner and of such materials, and with such hoops as may be approved by the Fishery Board, who are hereby empowered to make regulations on the subject, and from time to time to alter the same.

10. For the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Act, sea fishery officers shall have all the powers conferred upon sea fishery officers by section twelve of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

11. All the powers and duties of the Board of Trade, so far as they can be exercised in Scotland, with respect to —

(a.) Oyster and mussel fisheries contained in the Sea Fisheries Acts and the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877;

(6.) Crab and lobster fisheries contained in the last-mentioned Act;

(c.) Clam and bait beds contained in the Sea Fisheries (Clam and Bait Beds) Act, 1881, are hereby transferred to the Fishery Board.

Payment by Parliament of pensions of clerks of the Crown and clerks of the peace.

CHAPTER 71.

An Act to amend the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, in relation to the Pensions of Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace.

[14th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whereas under the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, any special pension granted to the clerk of the Crown or clerk of the peace of any county or borough, on his retirement, is payable by the grand jury or the town council of such county or borough out of local rates, in the same manner as the salary of such clerk of the Crown or clerk of the peace was paid previous to the occurrence of such vacancy in office:

And whereas it is provided by the same Act that if a temporary clerk of the Crdwn or temporary clerk of the peace is appointed to fill such vacancy, the grand jury or town council shall pay out of local rates the salary of such temporary officer during his continuance in office as such temporary officer:

And whereas it is expedient to relieve the grand jury or town council from the liability arising under the circumstances aforesaid to pay the special pension aforesaid so long as they continue liable to pay the salary of such temporary clerk of the Crown or temporary clerk of the peace:

369

1885. County Officers and Courts (I.) Amendment Act, 1885. Ch. 71.

Therefore from and after the passing of this Act, whenever a special pension is granted under the twenty-fourth section of the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, to a clerk of the 40 & 41 Vict. Crown or clerk of the peace for any county or borough, on his c* 56* « 24. retirement from office, and a temporary clerk of the Crown or temporary clerk of the peace is appointed to fill that office, —

It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to pay the special pension so granted, until such clerk of the Crown or clerk of the peace shall die, or until the offices of clerk of the Crown and clerk of the peace for that county or borough are united under the provisions of the same Act, whichever shall first happen.

From and after the time when such offices are united, the Treasury shall cease to pay such pension, and such pension shall be thenceforth paid by the grand jury of the county; or, in the case of a borough, by the town council having the fiscal powers of a grand jury.

Any special pension payable by a grand jury or town council under the said Act, or under this Act, shall be presented and paid to the officer to whom such pension is granted, at the same times and in the same manner as the salary of the office was presentable and payable at the time of the passing of the said County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877; and in this enactment the term " salary " shall include any payments customarily made by a grand jury or town council to such officer, whether such payments were of a fixed amount and were described as a salary, or not.

2. This Act shall apply to every special pension granted after Application of the passing of this Act to a clerk of the Crown or clerk of the Act\.

r ° spective as to

peace. Dublin.

This Act shall also apply to the special pension granted before the passing of this Act to Edward Geale, Esquire, formerly clerk of the Crown of the city of Dublin, and of the county of Dublin.

The treasurer of the city of Dublin and the Finance Committee of the Grand Jury of the county of Dublin respectively, shall, as soon as reasonably can be after the passing of this Act, furnish to the Commissioners of the Treasury a statement of all sums paid out of the funds of the city or county respectively to the said Edward Geale on account of his special pension; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to repay to such treasurer and Finance Committee respectively, to be accounted for by them as money received on account of grand jury cess, such sums as they find to have been paid to the said Edward Geale out of the funds of the city and of the county respectively as aforesaid.

All payments by the Commissioners of the Treasury under this Act shall be made out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

3. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the County Officers Short title, and Courts (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1885.

V/WWVr*/t

Aa 2

370 Ch. 72. Housing of the Working Classes, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

CHAPTER 72.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Dwellings of the Working Classes.

[14th August 1885.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law with reference to the provision of suitable dwellings for the working classes: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Adoption of Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

Labouring Classes Lodging Houses.

1. (1.) The Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867, may be adopted —

(a) for the city of London by the Commissioners of Sewers of the city of London;

(b) for the metropolis, exclusive of the city of London, by the Metropolitan Board of Works if one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State approves of such adoption;

(c) for any urban sanitary district by the urban sanitary authority of such district in accordance with section ten of the Public Health Act, 1875; and

(d) for any rural sanitary district, by the sanitary authority of the district upon such certificate published by the Local Government Board, and after such delay as herein-after mentioned.

(2.) A rural sanitary authority in any district desiring to adopt the said Acts may apply to the Local Government Board for the certificate required for such adoption, and shall specify in such application the area in which they consider that accommodation is necessary for the housing of the labouring classes, and thereupon the Local Government Board shall direct a local inquiry to be held by one of their inspectors, and if after such local inquiry the inspector shall certify that accommodation is necessary in such area for the housing of the labouring classes, and that there is no probability that such accommodation will be provided without the execution of the said Acts, and that having regard to the liability which will be incurred by the rates, it is under all the circumstances prudent for the said authority to undertake the provision of the said accommodation under the powers of the said Acts, the Local Government Board may if they think fit publish that certificate in the " London Gazette, " and thereupon the sanitary authority may adopt the said Acts: Provided that —

(a) unless the Local Government Board state in publishing such certificate that, by reason of the date of the next ordinary election of members of such authority or otherwise, an emergency renders it necessary to adopt the Acts immediately, such adoption in pursuance of the certificate shall not take place before the ordinary election of members of such authority which is held next after the date of the local inquiry; and

(b) after the end of twelve months from the date of the certificate the Acts shall not be adopted without a fresh certificate; and

1885.

371

Housing of tloe Working Classes Act, 1885. Ch. 72.

(c) no land shall be acquired, nor buildings erected under the said Acts outside of the area mentioned in the certificate, except after a fresh application, inquiry, and certificate.

(8.) Where the rural sanitary authority think it just that the burden of the expenses of the execution of the said Acts should be borne by some contributory place or places only in their district, instead of by the whole of their district, the authority may in their application to the Local Government Board request permission to limit the burden of such expenses to such contributory place or places, and thereupon the justice of such limitation shall be inquired into at the local inquiry, and the Local Government Board, if satisfied after the local inquiry that the circumstances of the contributory place or places and of the rest of the district render such limitation just, may make an order to that effect, and thereupon the expenses of the execution of the said Acts in the area mentioned in the order shall be borne by the contributory place or places named in the order instead of by the whole district. The provisions of this enactment with respect to the burden of the expenses shall apply upon every application for a fresh certificate.

(4.) When the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867, have been adopted by the Metropolitan Board of Works, or by any sanitary authority, or by the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, then

(a) such board or authority or Commissioners shall have power to carry the said Acts into execution within the area for which they are adopted, subject in the case of a rural sanitary authority to the foregoing provisions with respect to rural sanitary authorities, and for that purpose may exercise the same powers whether of contract or otherwise as in the execution of their duties under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts amending the same, or under the Public Health Act, 1875, or under the Acts conferring powers on such Commissioners of Sewers respectively;

(b) all expenses incurred by such board or authority in the execution of the said Acts shall be defrayed —

(i.) in the case of the Metropolitan Board of Works, out of the Dwelling House Improvement Fund under the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875;

(ii.) in the case of an urban sanitary authority, as part of the general expenses of their execution of the Public Health Act, 1875; and (iii.) in the case of a rural sanitary authority, as special expenses incurred in the execution of the Public Health Act, 1875, and, save where the burden of such expenses is by order of the Local Government Board to be borne by one contributory place only, shall be deemed to be incurred for the common benefit of all the contributory places liable to bear such expenses: Provided that if on the application of the rural sanitary authority it is so declared at the time of the publication of the certificate by the Local Government Board, then the said expenses of the rural sanitary authority shall be defrayed as general expenses of the said authority in the execution of the

18 & 19 Vict c. 120.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 55.

372

Definition of purposes of Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts.

Ch. 72. Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Public Health Act, 1875, and if such expenses are not to be borne by the whole of the district, shall be charged to the contributory places which are to bear the same as an addition to the general expenses otherwise chargeable thereto;

(iv.) in the case of the City of London, out of the Dwelling House Improvement Fund under the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875;

(c) all receipts under the said Acts shall be paid to the fund out of which such expenses are payable, and the accounts of such receipts and expenses shall be audited in like manner and with the like incidents and consequences respectively as the accounts of the general or special expenses above mentioned; but separate accounts shall be kept of the receipts and expenditure for the purposes of the said Acts;

(d) such Board and Commissioners may borrow for the purpose of the execution of the said Acts, in like manner and subject to the like conditions as they may borrow for the purposes of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, and every such authority may borrow for the purpose of the execution of the said Acts in like manner and subject to the like conditions as for the purpose of defraying the above-mentioned general or special expenses;

(e) in the application of the said Acts to the City of London,

. " district " shall mean the City of London, and " board " the Commissioners of Sewers of that city; and in the application of the said Acts to the metropolis, " district " shall mean the Metropolis exclusive of the City of London, and " Board " the Metropolitan Board of Works; and in the application of the said Acts to a rural sanitary district," district " shall mean the said district, and " board " the rural sanitary authority. In any case where an urban sanitary authority does not levy a borough rate or any general district rate, but is empowered by a Local Act or Acts to borrow money and to levy a rate or rates throughout the whole of their district for purposes similar to those or to some of those for which a general district rate is leviable, it shall be lawful for such sanitary authority to defray the expenses incurred in the execution of the said Acts by means of money to be borrowed, and a rate or rates to be levied, under such Local Act or Acts.

2. (1.) The expression "lodging-houses for the labouring classes" when used in the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867, shall be deemed to include separate houses or cottages for the labouring classes, whether containing one or several tenements, and the purposes of the said Act shall be deemed to include the provision of such houses and cottages.

(2.) Land for the purposes of the said Acts as amended by this Act may be acquired by the Metropolitan Board of Works, by the Commissioners of Sewers of the city of London, and by any sanitary authority in like manner as if those purposes were purposes of the Public Health Act, 1875, and sections one hundred and seventy-five to one hundred and seventy-eight, both inclusive, of that Act (relating to the purchase of land), shall apply accordingly, and shall

1885. Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885. Ch. 72. 373

for the purposes of this Act extend to the metropolis in like manner as if the Commissioners of Sewers and Metropolitan Board of Works respectively were a local authority in the said sections mentioned, and one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State were substituted for the Local Government Board.

3. In the event of the removal from their present sites of Provision

Millbank Penitentiary or Pentonvilie Penitentiary, it shall be lawful 8, tes

for Her Majesty, on the recommendation of the Commissioners of metropolitan Her Majesty's Treasury, and subject to such conditions as they may prisons, think reasonable, and in the event of the removal from its present

site of Coldbath Fields Prison, or House of Detention, Clerkenwell, it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex if the justices think fit so to do, to sell and convey those respective sites or any part or parts thereof to the Metropolitan Board of Works, at a fail market price.

Amendment of Artizans Dwellings Acts.

4. The owner of any premises who is required by an order of a Amendment of local authority made under the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings 31 *082 Vict* Act, 1868, to execute any works on or to demolish any premises,

shall cease to have the power to require the local authorit}' to purchase such premises.

Amendment of Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement

Acts.

5. (1.) The Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, Amendment of

1875 to 1882, shall extend to all urban sanitary districts. 38 & 39 Vict.

(2.) In either of the following cases:£iid schedule;

(a.) Where an officer of health has reported to any local 42 & 43 Vict,

authority in the metropolis, exclusive of the City °^ 456^46yjct

London, either in pursuance of the Artizans and Labourers £ 54> schedule. Dwellings Act, 1868, that any premises are in a condition or state dangerous to health, so as to be unfit for human habitation, or in pursuance of section eight of the Artizans Dwellings Act, 1882, that the pulling down of any obstructive buildings would be expedient, and such authority resolve that the case of such premises or buildings is of such general importance to the metropolis that it should be dealt with by a scheme under the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882; or (b.) Where any such official representation as mentioned in section three of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, has been made to the Metropolitan Board of Works in relation to any houses, courts, or alleys within a certain area, and the Metropolitan Board of Works resolve that the case of such houses, courts, or alleys is not of general importance to the metropolis, and should be dealt with under the Artizans Dwellings Acts, 1868 to 1882:

such local authority or board may submit such resolution to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and thereupon the Secretary of State may appoint an arbitrator, and direct him to

374

Ch. 72. Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

hold a local inquiry, and such arbitrator shall hold such inquiry, and report to the Secretary of State as to whether, having regard to the size of the area, to the number of houses to be dealt with, to the position, structure, and sanitary condition of such houses, and of the neighbourhood thereof, and to the provisions of section three of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, the case is either wholly or partially of any and what importance to the metropolis at large, with power to such arbitrator to report that in the event of the case being dealt with under the Artizans Dwellings Acts, 1868 to 1882, the Metropolitan Board of Works ought to make a contribution in respect of the expense of dealing with the case. The Secretary of State, after considering the report of the arbitrator, may, according as to him seems just, decide that the case shall be dealt with either under the Artizans Dwellings Acts, 1868 to 1882, or under the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, and the officer of health or other proper officer shall forthwith make the report or official representation necessary for proceedings in accordance with such decision.

(3.) Where an arbitrator has under the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, determined the amount of compensation, an appeal shall not lie to a jury from the decision of such arbitrator without leave of the High Court of Justice, but such court or any judge thereof at chambers may grant such leave upon application in a summary manner, and upon being satisfied that a failure of justice will take place if the leave is not granted.

Amendment as to Interest on Public Works Loans.

Rates of loan by Public Works Loan Commissioner*.

6. Any loan advanced by the Public Works Loan Commissioners in pursuance of the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867, or of the Artizans Dwellings Acts, 1868 to 1882, or of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1875, and any Acts amending the same, or of any of such Acts, or for labourers dwellings in pursuance of the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, shall bear such rate of interest, not less than three pounds two shillings and sixpence per cent., as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from time to time authorize as being in their opinion sufficient to enable such loans to be made without loss to the Exchequer.

Provided that this section shall cease to be of effect after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight.

Amendment of General Sanitary Law, &c.

General duty 7. It shall be the duty of every local authority entrusted with rity°toenforce ^he execution of laws relating to public health and local govem-the law. ment to. put in force from time to time as occasion may arise, the powers with which they are invested, so as to secure the proper sanitary condition of all premises within the area under the control of such authority.

Amendment of 8. Whereas under section ninety of the Public Health Act, 187*5, 1865.3 flolct* the Local Government Board can declare that section to be in force

1885.

375

Housing of the Working Classes , 1885. Ch. 72.

within the district of a sanitary authority, and after the publication of notice of such declaration such authority is empowered to make byelaws with respect to lodging-houses, and it is expedient to authorize every such authority to make such byelaws without any declaration by the Local Government Board: Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

Every sanitary authority shall have power to make byelaws for the matters specified in section ninety of the Public Health Act, 1875.

9. (1.) A tent, van, shed, or similar structure used for human Tents and habitation, which is in such a state as to be a nuisance or injurious tuman^bita-to health, or which is so overcrowded as to be injurious to the tion. health of the inmates whether or not members of the same family, shall be deemed to be a nuisance within the meaning of section ninety-one of the Public Health Act, 1875; and the provisions of that Act shall apply accordingly.

(2.) A sanitary authority may make byelaws for prompting cleanliness in, and the habitable condition of tents, vans, sheds, and similar structures used for human habitation, and for preventing the spread of infectious disease by the persons inhabiting the same, and generally for the prevention of nuisances in connexion with the same.

(3.) Where any person duly authorized by a sanitary authority or by a justice of the peace has reasonable cause to suppose either that there is any contravention of the provisions of this Act or any byelaw made under this Act in any tent, van, shed, or similar structure used for human habitation, or that there is in any such tent, van, shed, or structure any person suffering from a dangerous infectious disorder, he may, on producing (if demanded) either a copy of his authorisation purporting to be certified by the clerk or a member of the sanitary authority or some other sufficient evidence of his being authorized as aforesaid, enter by day such tent, van,

Bhed, or structure, and examine the same and every part thereof in order to ascertain whether in such tent, van, shed, or structure there is any contravention of any such byelaw or a person suffering from a dangerous infectious disorder.

(4.) For the purposes of this section "day" means the period between six o'clock in the morning and the succeeding nine o'clock in the evening.

(5.) If such person is obstructed in the performance of his duty under this section, the person so obstructing shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(6.) This section shall apply to the metropolis, with the substi- 29 & so Vict. tution of section nineteen of the Sanitary Act, 1866, for section c*90* ninet3r-one of the Public Health Act, 1875, and of nuisance authority, under the Nuisance Removal Acts, for sanitary authority.

(7.) Nothing in this section shall apply to any tent, van, shed, or structure erected or used by any portion of Her Majesty's military or naval forces.

Application of

10. (1.) With respect to byelaws authorized by this Act or by certain provi-the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Act, 1851, to be made —

inquiries.

376

Amendment of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 88. as regards erection of buildings for working classes.

Condition to be implied on letting houses for the working classes.

32 & 38 Vict. c. 41.

Definitions.

Ch. 72. Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

(a) sections two hundred and two and two hundred and three of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855; where such byelaws are made by the Metropolitan Board of Works, or any nuisance authority in the metropolis; and

(b) the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to byelaws, where such byelaws are made by a sanitary authority,

shall apply to such byelaws, and a fine or penalty under any such byelaw may be recovered on summary conviction.

(2.) For the purposes of the execution of their duties under this Act the Local Government Board may hold such local inquiries as the Board see fit, and sections two hundred and ninety-three to two hundred and ninety-six, both inclusive, of the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to inquiries by such Board shall apply.

11. (1.) The Settled Land Act, 1882, shall be amended as follows: —

(a.) Any sale, exchange, or lease of land in pursuance of the said Act, when made for the purpose of the erection on such land of dwellings for the working classes, may be made at such price, or for such consideration, or for such rent, as having regard to the said purpose, and to all the circumstances of the case, is the best that can be reasonably obtained, notwithstanding that a higher price, consideration, or rent might have been obtained if the land were sold, exchanged, or leased for another purpose.

(6.) The improvements on which capital money may be expended, enumerated in section twenty-five of the said Act, and referred to in section thirty of the said Act, shall, in addition to cottages for labourers, farm servants, and artizans whether employed on the settled land or not, include any dwellings available for the working classes, the building of which in the opinion of the Court is not injurious to the estate.

(2.) Any body corporate holding land may sell, exchange, or lease such land for the purpose of the erection of dwellings for the working classes at such price, or for such consideration, or for such rent as having regard to the said purpose and to all the circumstances of the case is the best that can reasonably be obtained, notwithstanding that a higher price, consideration, or rent might have been obtained if the land were sold, exchanged, or leased for another purpose.

12. In any contract made after the passing of this Act for letting for habitation by persons of the working classes a house or part of a house, there shall be implied a condition that the house is at the commencement of the holding in all respects reasonably fit for human habitation. In this section the expression "letting for " habitation by persons of the working classes" means the letting for habitation of a house or part of a house at a rent not exceeding in England the sum named as the limit for the composition of rates by section three of the Poor Rate Assessment or Collection Act, 1869, and in Scotland or Ireland four pounds.

Supplemental.

13. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

1885. Housing of the Working Claeses, 1885. Ch. 72. 377

The expression "sanitary district" means the district of a sanitary authority:

The expression "sanitary authority" means an urban sanitary authority or a rural sanitary authority:

The expressions " urban sanitary authority " and " rural sanitary authority " and " contributory place " have respectively the same meanings as in the Public Health Act, 1875: 88 & 88 Vict.

The expression "metropolis" means the parishes and places c*55, within which the Metropolitan Board of Works have for the time being power to levy the consolidated rate:

The expression "cottage" may include a garden of not more than half an acre; provided that the estimated annual value of such garden shall not exceed three pounds.

14. This Act, so far as it amends the Labouring Classes Lodging Construction

Houses Act, 1851, the Labouring Classes Dwelling Houses Act, Vict.

1866, and the Labouring Classes Dwelling Houses Act, 1867, (which c. 84.

Acts are in this Act referred to as the Labouring Classes Lodging 29 & 80 Vict. Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867,) shall be construed as one with those g02 & 31 vict Acts, and together with those Acts may be cited as the Labouring c. 28.

Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1885.

This Act, so far as it amends the Artizans Dwellings Acts, 1868 31 & 32 Vict. to 1882, shall be construed as one with those Acts, and together vict

with those Acts may be cited as the Artizans Dwellings Acts, 1868 c. 64. to 1885. 45 & 46 Vict.

This Act, so far as it amends the Artizans and Labourers Dwell- 3‘8 &*89 Vict* ings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, shall be construed as one c. 36. with those Acts, and together with those Acts may be cited as 42 & 43 Vict. the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings. Improvement Acts, 1875 to 456 & 46 1885. c. 54. Part I.

15. In the application of this Act to Ireland, the following Application of

provisions shall take effect: — A<*40 Ir^and-

(1.) The Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall be substituted Ct

for the Public Health Act, 1875, and in particular the references in this Act to sections ten, ninety, ninety-one, and one hundred and seventy-five to one hundred and seventy-eight, both inclusive, of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall be respectively taken to be references to sections eight, one hundred, one hundred and seven, and two hundred and two to two hundred and four, both inclusive, of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and the reference to sections two hundred and ninety-three to two hundred and ninety-six, both inclusive, of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall be taken to be a reference to sections two hundred and nine, two hundred and ten, two hundred and twelve, and two hundred and thirteen of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878;

(2.) The provisions of this Act which relate exclusively to the adoption by rural sanitary authorities of the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867, shall not apply to Ireland;

(3.) The Local Government Board for Ireland shall be substituted for the Local Government Board;

(4.) The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall be substituted for the Public Works Loan Commissioners;

378

29 & 30 Vict. c. 44.

Application of Act to Scotland.

30 & 81 Vict. c. 101.

[Short title.]

Repeal.

Ch. 72. Homing of the Working Classes Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

(5.) This Act, so far as it amends the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses and Dwellings (Ireland) Act, 1866, shall be construed with that Act, and that Act shall be included amongst the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867, as they are referred to under that description in this Act. So much of subsection four of section twenty-one of the said Act of 1866 as provides that no byelaws made under that Act shall be of any legal force until the same shall have received the approval of the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary for Ireland shall be amended by substituting therein the Local Government Board for Ireland in lieu of the Chief or Under Secretary;

(6.) Nothing contained in this Act shall prevent the adoption by any town commissioners, not being an urban sanitary authority, or by any such company, society, association, or private persons as are therein referred to, of the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses and Dwellings (Ireland) Act, 1866, by whom that Act might have been adopted if this Act had not been passed.

16. In the application of this Act to Scotland the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867, may be adopted by any local authority under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, and the Acts amending the same, and the expenses shall be paid and money borrowed as under the last-mentioned Acts;

(2.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the adoption of the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867, by a rural sanitary authority shall apply to the adoption thereof by a local authority, being a parochial board, as if the Board of Supervision for the Relief of the Poor in Scotland were substituted in the said provisions for the Local Government Board;

(3.) In the provisions of this Act with respect to the purchase of land, section ninety of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, and the enactments amending that section, shall be substituted for sections one hundred and seventy-five to one hundred and seventy-eight of the Public Health Act, 1875;

(4.) The Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1875, and the Acts amending the same shall apply to the whole of Scotland, imd the local authority under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, and the Acts amending the same shall be the local authority under the Act so applied.

17. This Act may be cited as the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885.

18. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule specified, without prejudice to anything done or suffered thereunder, or to any proceeding pending at the date of the passing of this Act.

1835.

Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885. Ch. 72.

379

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act in this Schedule is inclusive of the word, section, or other part first and last mentioned or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 34 [1851].

29 & 30 Vict. c. 28 [1866].

29 & 30 Vict. c. 44

46 & 47 Vict. c. 60

Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts.

- f The Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Act, 1851.

The Labouring Classes Dwelling Houses Act, 1866.

The Labouring Classes Lodging Houses and Dwellings Act (Ireland), 1866.

- The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883.

Section two.

Section three, except from " words importing the masculine " to the end of the section.

Sections five to thirty-four.

So much of sections thirty-five to forty-three as relates to parishes or to the Commissioners for a parish, or to the vestry, guardians, churchwardens, or overseers of a parish.

Section thirty-seven.

Section forty.

Section forty-one.

Section forty-threo from " and the surplus " to end of section.

Section forty-four.

In section forty-five from " and as to any parish " to the end of the section.

In section forty-six the words "and Commissioners" wherever they occur, and from "provided always" to the end of the section.

So much of sections forty-eight, fifty-one, and fifty-two, and of the schedule, as relates to parishes or to the Commissioners for a parish.

So much of sections four, six, and seven, as authorizes any council, board, or other sanitary authority to borrow, or as relates to Commissioners authorized to carry into execution the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acc, 1851.

So much of sections three to seven, of sections eleven to thirteen, and of section twenty-three, as relates to urban sanitary authorities and urban sanitary districts.

Section twenty-five.

Section twenty.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 64 [1879].

Artizans Dwellings Acts.

The Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Act (1868) Amendment Act, 1879.

Sections five and six.

380

Ch. 72, 73. Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885.48 & 49 Vict.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 36 - The Artizans and La- So much of section two as relates to the

T1875]. bourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875. population of urban sanitary districts.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 49 - The Artizans and La- Section two.

[1875]. bourers Dwellings Improvement (Scotland) Act. The Artizans Dwellings

45 & 46 Vict. c. 5*1 - Section eleven.

[1882]. Act, 1882.

CHAPTER 73.

An Act to provide greater facilities for the Sale of Land to occupying Tenants in Ireland.

[14th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885.

Advances to tenants under this Act.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

Deposit of money as guarantee fund.

Advances by the Land Commission.

2. For enabling tenants to purchase their holdings, either from the Land Commission or from the landlords of such holdings, the Land Commission may make advances under this Act out of any funds at their disposal.

With respect to advances under this Act, the provisions of Part Five of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, shall be amended as follows; that is to say,

(a.) The Land Commission may, if the repayment of the advance is secured by a deposit under this Act (herein-after referred to as a guarantee deposit), and if the Land Commission are satisfied with the security in other respects, make an advance to a tenant who is purchasing his holding of the whole principal sum or price payable by the tenant, instead of the three fourths thereof mentioned in Part Five of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881.

(5.) In making advances under this Act the Land Commission shall prefer applications for the purchase of holdings upon which the tenants reside, or which are reasonable adjuncts to holdings upon which such tenants reside.

(c.) It shall not be lawful for the Land Commission to make advances under this Act exceeding in all the sum of five million pounds.

3. Any person willing to secure the repayment of an advance made by the Land Commission to a tenant who is purchasing his holding either from the Land Commission or from the landlord of

1885.

381

Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 73.

such holding may deposit with the Land Commission such Bum, as a guarantee deposit, not being less than one fifth of the advance, as may be agreed on between him and the Land Commission.

If the person willing to secure the repayment of such advance is a landlord entitled to be paid by the Land Commission, or out of moneys provided by the Land Commission, any sum for the purchase money of any land sold by him, he may provide such guarantee deposit by permitting the Land Commission to retain the same out of such sum so payable for purchase money.

The Land Commission shall pay interest on the guarantee deposit at the rate of three per cent, per annum.

Subject to the other provisions of this Act, the Land Commission shall retain the guarantee deposit until they ascertain and by order declare that the person liable for the repayment of the advance has repaid on account of principal money a sum equal to the guarantee deposit, and shall then pay over the guarantee deposit to the person entitled thereto.

If at any time during the period for which the Land Commission are authorized to retain the guarantee deposit any sum due to the Land Commission in respect of an advance secured by a guarantee deposit under this Act is declared by them, by order, to be an irrecoverable debt, the Land Commission may apply the guarantee deposit in discharge or reduction of such irrecoverable debt.

Such order shall not be made, unless the Land Commission, having exercised any power of sale of the holding which they legally may exercise, have failed to realise by means of such sale the sum due to them secured on the holding, or unless it appears by the order of the Land Commission that they have attempted to exercise such power of sale and have been unable to do so.

Whenever it appears by such order that the Land Commission have attempted to exercise their power of sale and have been unable to do so, and the Land Commission thereupon apply a guarantee deposit or any part of it in discharge or reduction of any sum charged upon a holding, it shall be lawful for the Land Commission, by order, to declare that the interest in the holding of the person liable to pay such |sum shall be charged in favour of the person entitled to the guarantee deposit with the amount of the guarantee deposit, or so much thereof as has been so applied by the Land Commission as aforesaid, with interest thereon at the rate of three per centum per annum until such charge is realised.

Trustees entitled to receive the purchase money produced by the sale of any settled land may, and shall if required by the tenant for life of the settled land, or the person having the powers of a tenant for life within the meaning of the Settled Land Act, 1882, secure, by a guarantee deposit, the repayment of an advance made for the purchase of any holding being or forming part of such settled land, and may apply or permit the Land Commission to retain so much of the purchase money as the trustees or such tenant for life or other person may think fit for that purpose.

4, With respect to advances to be made under this Act, or to be Term* of remade under the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, or the Svaoce* Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, and also with respect to advances 88 & 84 Vict. to be made to tenants under Part Two of the Tramways and Public c. 46.

382

44 & 45 Vict.

464 & 47 Vict. C. 43.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.

Purchase of estates and holdings.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 38.

Ch. 73. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, the provisions of Part Five of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, shall be amended as follows:

(a.) Every such advance shall be repaid by an annuity in favour of the Land Commission for forty-nine years, of four pounds for every hundred pounds of such advance, and so in proportion for any less sum, instead of by the annuity mentioned in the said Act.

(b) Every such annuity, or any portion of it at any time outstanding, may be redeemed in whole or in part by the person liable to pay such annuity, by payment to the Land Commission of a sum equivalent to the then value of such annuity or of such portion of it as is sought to be redeemed; such value to be calculated according to the table in the Schedule to this Act.

(c.) The repayment of every advance under this Act shall be secured to the Land Commission by deed. It shall be the duty of the Land Commission to exercise the power conferred upon

* mortgagees by the first sub-section of the nineteenth section of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, or any power for the same purpose contained in such deed.

(d.) Subject to the amendments contained in this Act, the provisions of Part Five of the said Act shall apply to all advances under this Act.

Where a holding is sold by the Land Judges to the tenant of that holding, the sale may, for the purpose of advances under this Act, and of guarantee deposits under this Act, be deemed to be a sale by a landlord to a tenant.

Sales of Land.

5. The Irish Land Commission, if they have reasonably satisfied themselves that a resale can be effected without loss, may purchase any estate for the purpose of reselling to the tenants of the lands comprised in such estate their respective holdings, and may purchase any holding for the purpose of reselling it to the tenant thereof. Provided that such purchase of an estate shall only be made if the Land Commission are reasonably satisfied that holdings to the extent of not less than four-fifths in value and number of the estate will be purchased by the tenants thereof. This condition may be relaxed on special grounds with the consent of the Treasury, but so that in all cases the Land Commission are reasonably satisfied that holdings to the extent of not less than three-fourths in value and number of the estate will be purchased by the tenants thereof, and in every such transaction of the purchase of an estate the Land Commission shall retain not less than one-fifth of the purchase money to satisfy the purpose of a guarantee deposit as defined by section three of this Act.

The tenant of any holding may purchase such holding, and before or after completing the agreement for such purchase may apply to the Land Commission for an advance.

If the vendor of such estate or holding is a tenant for life, or has the powers of a tenant for life, and the land proposed to be sold is settled land, within the meaning of those expressions as used in the Settled Land Act, 1882, he shall have all the powers con-

1885.

383

Purchase of Land (Ireland), 1885. Ch. 73.

ferred upon tenants for life under that Act, subject to the amendments thereof herein contained and to the other provisions of this Act; and the purchase money arising from Such sale may be invested or applied as if it were capital money arising under the said Act.

6. Where a landlord of a holding is a tenant for life, or has the Power to powers of a tenant for life within the meaning of those expressions Jo^Sve^'art of as used in the Settled Land Act, 1882, and is selling such holding parchaseP

to the tenant thereof, he may exercise, to the same extent as if he money out-were an absolute owner, the power of permitting any sum not exceeding one fourth of the purchase money to remain as a charge c. 38. upon such holding secured by a mortgage; and in case any advance is made by the Land Commission to the tenant for the purchase of such holding, any such mortgage shall be subject to any charge in favour of the Land Commission for securing such advance; and any such mortgage shall be deemed to be part of the purchase money payable in respect of such holding, and the money secured thereby when paid shall be dealt with as if it were capital money arising under the Settled Land Act, 1882, or purchase money other- 45 & 46 ' ict-wise payable under this Act. c‘ 38‘

This section shall apply to the trustees of any settlement in the same manner as it applies to a tenant for life.

7. Where the Land Commission have purchased an estate, they Sales of resi-may sell any parcels which they can not sell to the tenants thereof, dues-

in such manner as they think fit.

The Land Commission may advance to any purchaser of a parcel under this section, on the security of such parcel, one half of the principal sum paid as the price.

Subject to that limitation on the amount of the advance, all the provisions of this Act relative to sales and advances to tenants by the Land Commission shall apply to the sale of a parcel in pursuance of this section in like manner as if the parcel had been a holding and the purchaser had been tenant thereof at the time of his making his purchase.

8. When a holding has been sold by the Land Commission to a Vesting order tenant or other person, also when a holding has been sold by a mlieuofcon-landlord to a tenant, and it has been agreed between the Land Commission and the landlord and the tenant that such sale shall be carried into effect by means of a vesting order of the Land Commission under this Act, it shall be lawful for the Land Commission, if they think fit, after due investigation of title and being satisfied therewith, to make an order under their seal and signed by a Commissioner vesting the holding, or the interest of any person or of the Land Commission in such holding, in the purchaser, freed from all charges if the vesting order so declares, or subject to such charges as may be specified in such order; or, if the vesting order so declares, subject to such charges as may lawfully affect such holding.

Every order purporting to vest a holding or interest in a purchaser which purports to be made by the Land Commission in exercise of the powers conferred on them by this Act shall be binding upon all persons claiming any estate or interest in the land comprised in the holding, including Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and shall be as effectual in all respects, save as herein-

384

Ch. 73. Purchase of Lan (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

after provided, as if it were a conveyance or assignment executed by one of the Land Judges of the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice in Ireland under the Landed Estates Court Act: Provided, that where the purchaser of a holding is also tenant of the holding the interest vested in him by such order shall, subject to any charges, rights, or easement set out in the order, be deemed to be a graft upon the previous interest of the tenant in the holding, and be subject to any rights or equities arising from its being such graft.

The enactments of this section relative to the operation and effect of a vesting order purporting to vest a holding, shall apply to an order purporting to vest an interest in a holding, so far as relates to such interest.

Charges and 9. (1.) The Land Commission may, if they think fit declare by righhi 8h^he1 ^eir or(^er that the sale of any holding is made subject — sale may be (a) to any chief rent or fee-farm rent payable out of the lands made. comprised in the holding,

(b) to any annuity charged upon the holding in favour of the Land Commission,

(c) to any other mortgage or charge which the Land Commission may think fit should remain thereon.

(2.) The Land Commission may, if they think fit, after due and sufficient inquiry, declare by their order that the sale is made subject to any rights of common, rights of way, or other rights or easements which the Land Commission find to affect such holding; and in that case the rights and easements so declared shall be the only rights or easements affecting the holding; or they may abstain from making any such declaration, and in that case the holding shall be deemed to be sold subject to such rights of common, rights of way, and other rights or easements as may lawfully affect the same.

(3.) The provisions of the sixty-second section of the Landed Estates Court Act relative to tithe rentcharge, quitrent, Crown rent, and charges in favour of the Commissioners of Public Works not being prejudiced or affected by the conveyances therein mentioned, and relative to the redemption of such quitrent, Crown rent, and charges, and relative to the notice to be given to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, shall apply to vesting orders under this Act

(4.) Where the land comprised in any holding is subject to any mortgage, incumbrance, or charge, the Land Commission shall, before sanctioning or completing the sale of such holding, give such notice to the mortgagee, incumbrancer, or person interested as may be prescribed by rules of the Land Commission.

(5.) In the case of a sale by a landlord to a tenant, where it is agreed that the sale shall be carried into effect by a vesting order of the Land Commission, such vesting order may, notwithstanding anything herein-before contained, be made at any time after the application for such vesting order has been made to the court, and same may be made though the landlord is only tenant for life, or has the powers of a tenant for life, and whether or not the holding, either solely or in common with other lands, is subject to any incumbrance or annual charge, and the fact of such incumbrance or

1885.

385

Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch4 73.

annual charge affecting only a partial interest in the estate sold, such as a tenancy for life or lesser interest, shall not affect the right to make such vesting order, but the purchase money shall in all cases where the court shall think fit be paid into court to abide the further order of the court, and shall, for all purposes as regards the rights or claims of any person to or against the estate sold, represent such estate, and unless and so far as the vesting order shall otherwise declare, the rights and claims of all persons in respect of the estate sold, or any incumbrance or annual charge thereon, shall, from the date of such vesting order, be transferred to the purchase-money, and the purchaser shall be wholly freed from any liability or claim in respect thereof.

10. In every case in which a holding is sold by the Land Commission to a tenant or other person; also in every case in which a holding is sold by a landlord to a tenant, and it is agreed that such sale shall be carried into effect by a vesting order of the Land Commission, the Land Commission shall have the jurisdiction and powers which are vested in the Land Judges of the Chancery Division of the High Court by the following sections of the Landed Estates Court Act, and those sections shall be incorporated with this Act, as if the Land Commission were therein referred to, and as if the purposes of those sections included the purposes of this Act, that is to say: —

Section thirty-seven, relating to the jurisdiction and powers of the Court, so far as may be necessary for enabling the Land Commission to discharge any of the duties imposed on them by this Act.

Sections sixty-four and sixty-five, relating to the application, retention, and investment of purchase money.

Section sixty-six, relating to the appointment of trustees.

Sections sixty-eight and sixty-nine, relating to Crown rent, and quitrent, and incumbrances and charges. ‘

Section seventy, relating to the payment of purchase money into Court in certain cases. Money may be paid into Court under that section, in all cases in which the Land Commission think it expedient, and when paid in, may be invested or applied as if it were capital money arising under the Settled Land Act, 1882, and were paid into Court under that Act; or, if the Land Judges so order, as if it were money paid into Court under the said section of the Landed Estates Court Act.

Section seventy-two, relating to apportionment of rent, and in that section the term " rent " shall include a fee-farm rent.

Section seventy-three, relating to persons under disability.

Section seventy-six, relating to the abatement of proceedings.

11. Where land to be sold under this Act is held by tenants in common or rundale or intermixed plots, it shall be lawful for the Land Commission, upon the application of either landlord or tenant, or if it shall seem expedient to the said Land Commission, to make orders for the partition, exchange, or division of such land, and the provisions of the seventy-ninth to the eighty-second sections inclusive of the Landed Estates Court Act shall apply to such partitions, exchanges, and divisions.

Powers of Land Commission in cases of sales.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 72.

Powers of the Land Commission for the partition of lands held in common, &c.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 72.

Bb 2

386-

Appropriation of income and capital money.

Appointment of trustees; purchase of rents, &c. by the Land Cominis* sion.

Sales to be for a gross stun. Stamp duty.

Power to sell subject to annuity.

Injunction to put purchaser in possession.

Ch. 73. Purchase of Land (Ire Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

12. When the capital money arising from any sale under this Act is retained by the Land Commission, the income thereof shall be paid by them to the vendor or other person entitled thereto.

The Land Commission shall make orders for the payment of such purchase money to any persons found by the Land Commission to be entitled thereto.

Save as expressly provided by this Act, nothing herein contained shall affect the rights of any incumbrancer, or other person interested in any estate or holding sold, to the capital money arising from such sale.

13. When the tenant for life of any settled land, or a person having the power of a tenant for life, is desirous to sell the land, or any part, to the Land Commission, and there are no trustees of the settlement for the purposes of the Settled Land Act, 1882, or it is expedient that new trustees should be appointed, it shall be lawful for the Land Commission to appoint fit persons to be trustees of the settlement for the purposes of that Act.

Whenever, for the purposes of purchasing any estate for resale to the tenants thereof, it appears to the Land Commission expedient so to do, the Land Commission may purchase any land or hereditament held in connexion with such estate or any rent issuing out of it; or may purchase up or obtain the release of any right, easement, charge, or incumbrance affecting it.

14. On every sale, when an advance is made by the Land Commission to the purchaser, the Land Commission shall charge the purchaser with one gross sum, which shall include the advance, the stamp duty on the vesting order or conveyance, if any, made by the Land Commission, and the stamp duty and fees payable for registering such vesting order or conveyance.

The Land Commission shall register in the Registry of Deeds in Dublin all vesting orders and conveyances executed by them under this Act, and shall transmit copies thereof to the clerk of the peace of the county in which the holding is situated for the purpose of local registration.

A landlord negotiating for the sale to the Land Commission of a holding or estate shall furnish the abstract of his title and verify the same to the satisfaction of the Land Commission at his own cost.

No charge shall be made in respect of any investigation by the Land Commission of the title of either the vendor or the purchaser of any holding.

15. Any sale of a holding by the Land Commission under the thirtieth section of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, or under any power of sale, may, notwithstanding anything contained in that section, be made subject to the future payment of the annuity payable in respect of such holding, and in that case no part of the proceeds of such sale shall be applied in redemption of the said annuity; but, save as aforesaid, such proceeds shall be applied in the manner provided by that section.

16. When any holding is sold by or at the suit of the Land Commission, the High Court of Justice in Ireland, or the county

1885.

387

Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 73.

court of the county in which such holding is situate, may on the application of any purchaser issue an order to the sheriff to put such purchaser in possession of the holding or part thereof purchased by him, and such order shall be executed by the sheriff in like manner as a writ for the delivery of possession.

Supplemental Provisions.

17. In addition to the three persons named as commissioners in the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, Her Majesty may, by warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, appoint two other persons to be members of the Irish Land Commission.

Such persons shall continue in office for the period of three years from the date of their respective appointments, and shall each be paid an annual salary of two thousand pounds.

* The provisions of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, which relate to the members of the Irish Land Commission, other than the Judicial Commissioner, shall apply to each of the persons so appointed, and to every person appointed as herein-after provided to a vacancy in his office, as if he had been named in the said Act a member of the Land Commission other than the Judicial Commissioner.

Whenever during the said period of three years any vacancy occurs in the office of either of the persons so appointed by his death, resignation, inability to act, or otherwise, or of any person appointed in his place. Her Majesty may, if she think fit, by warrant under the Sign Manual appoint some fit person to fill such vacancy: The person so appointed shall continue in office only so long as the person in whose place he is appointed would have done.

The additional members of the Land Commission appointed under this Act, shall specially attend to the business imposed upon the Land Commission by this Act. Provided that the Lord Lieutenant may from time to time order that such additional members of the Land Commission shall perform such other duties as they should have performed, if they had been named in the said Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, members of the Land Commission other than the Judicial Commissioner.

The additional Commissioners, or either of them, may act in the name of the Land Commission in carrying this Act into effect; and anything done by them, or either of them, shall be as valid and effectual as if it were done by the Land Commission.

Notwithstanding anything herein-before contained, any person interested shall be entitled to require that any question of law arising under this Act, may be heard and determined by the Judicial Commissioner sitting with the said additional Commissioners.

Notwithstanding the appointment of additional Land Commissioners under this Act, any matter or thing which under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, was required to be done by three members of the Land Commission sitting together, may be done by any three members sitting together; and any matter or thing which might

Additional members and officers of the Land Commission.

388

Officers of Landed Estates Court may be transferred to or serve as officers of the Laud Commission.

Receivership jurisdiction of the Land Judges.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 57.

Addition to the staff of the Land Commission.

Rules and forms.

Appeal, &c.

Ch. 73. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 <fc 49 Vict.

lawfully be done under the said Act by three members or any less number, may still be done by any three members or any less number, of the Land Commission.

A barrister-at-law or solicitor shall not be deemed to have retired from practice by reason of his having been appointed and having acted as a commissioner or assistant commissioner under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, or this Act.

18. For the purpose of carrying this Act into effect, any officer attached to the Land Judges' branch of the Chancery Division of the High Court or to the court of either of the said Land Judges may, by order of the Lord Chancellor, with his own consent, be transferred to the office of the Land Commission, or may, by virtue of a like order, with the like consent, serve as an officer of the Land Commission; and may discharge such duties under this Act as the Land Commission may assign to him, and may be awarded in either case such remuneration for his services as the Treasury may determine.

19. Whenever either or both of the existing Land Judges of the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice in Ireland shall die, resign, or otherwise vacate his office, and in the meantime in the case of the illness, absence, or other inability of the said judges, or either of them, to discharge the duties imposed upon them, or either of them, by the seventy-fifth section of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, all such duties, or any of them, may be discharged by or under the directions of any judge or judges of the High Court of Justice, or any judge or judges of the Court of Bankruptcy, named and assigned for that purpose by the Lord Chancellor, and the Lord Chancellor may from time to time, by order under his hand, name and assign a judge or judges for that purpose; provided that no judge appointed before the passing of this Act shall be so named or assigned without his own consent.

20. The Land Commission may from time to time, with the consent of the Lord Lieutenant and the Treasury, appoint or employ such counsel, examiners, solicitors, clerks, and persons as they think necessary for enabling them to carry into effect the provisions- of this Act.

21. Rules for carrying this Act into effect shall be deemed to be rules under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, and shall be made by the Land Commission accordingly, and forms and tables shall be settled or adapted by the Land Commission for the purposes of this Act.

22. Notwithstanding anything contained in the forty-eighth section of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, to the contrary, any person aggrieved by a decision made on a question of law in proceedings under this Act may appeal from such decision to the Court of Appeal in Ireland, and so much of the same section as enacts that nothing therein contained shall authorize the Land Commission to determine any question or to exercise any power of a judge in relation to any purchase of an estate by them, or to the purchase

389

1885. Purchase of Land (Ireland), 1885. Ch. 73.

of a holding through the medium of the Land Commission, shall be and is hereby repealed.

23. Whereas certain lessees and tenants of the Commissioners of Terms of re-Chui-ch Temporalities in Ireland, referred to in the first paragraph payment of of the fifth sub-section of the thirty-fourth section of the Irish tenantpur-Church Act, 1869, purchased parcels of land from the Commis- chasers under sioners under that Act, and a part of the purchase-money was, in 824* 38 Vict* some cases, allowed by the Commissioners to remain outstanding, c* with interest at the rate of four per centum, and was secured to the Commissioners in some cases by a simple mortgage of the property sold, and in other cases by a deed, referred to in this section as an " instalment mortgage, " providing for the payment of the principal sum, with interest, by an annuity extending over a term of years:

And whereas under the Irish Church Act Amendment Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict. the Land Commission are the successors of and stand in the place c*7l* of the Commissioners of Church Temporalities in Ireland so far as regards such purchases and deeds of mortgage:

And it is expedient that the following provisions should take effect; therefore —

1. The rate of interest made payable by every such simple mortgage as aforesaid shall, from and after a day to be determined by the Land Commission by order, be reduced to a rate of three and one-eighth per centum;

2. Any person liable to pay to the Land Commission the annuity secured by such an instalment mortgage as aforesaid may make application to the Land Commission to accept payment of the amount then remaining due on the security of such instalment mortgage upon the terms herein-after specified:—

(a.) On such application, the Land Commission shall ascertain, and by order declare, the amount of the principal money which then remains owing to them on the security of such instalment mortgage; and, by the same order, the Land Commission shall declare how many years would then remain unexpired of a term of forty-nine years, calculated to commence on the day on which the term of years commenced during which the instalments secured by such instalment mortgage were to continue payable;

(b.) The Land Commission shall accept payment of the said sum with interest at the rate of three and one-eighth per cent, by half-yearly instalments of such amount as shall be ascertained and declared by the Land Commission in such order to be required to pay off the said sum with interest at the rate aforesaid, if paid for the residue then unexpired of the said term of forty-nine years;

(c.) The payment of such instalments shall be secured to the Land Commission by deed, in such form as they may determine, which shall be in substitution for the instalment mortgage, and which shall be exempt from stamp duty;

390

Ch. 73.

Grant of 5,000,000l. to Land Commission.

Saving for 44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

Interpretation.

Purchase of Land (Ireland), 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

3. No order shall be made with reference to any debt secured by a simple mortgage unless all interest on that debt due before the making of the order is then paid up;

No order shall be made with reference to any debt secured by an instalment mortgage, unless all instalments due before the making of the order are then paid up;

4. Nothing contained in this section shall apply to any debt due to the Land Commission in respect of any purchase from the Commissioners of Church Temporalities of land held from or under them by virtue of any lease for twenty-one years, or for three lives or twenty-one years, or for forty years, or for three lives, referred to in the last paragraph of the said fifth sub-section of the thirty-fourth section of the Irish Church Act, 1869.

24. (1.) For the purpose of advances or of purchases of estates by the Irish Land Commission under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, as amended by this Act, any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five million pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by the said Acts, and such sums may be issued during the period ending on the day on which a further Act providing money for the purpose of such advances or purchases comes into operation.

(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by the said Acts, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.1

25. Nothing contained in this Act shall restrict the powers of the Land Commission under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881.

26. In this Act, unless there is something in the context repugnant thereto —

The expression "the Landed Estates Court Act" means the Act of the session of the twenty-first and twenty-second year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-two, intituled ci An Act to facilitate the sale and transfer of land in Ireland, " as amended by any Act or Acts.

The expressions " the Treasury, " " the Lord Chancellor, " and the " Land Commission, " mean respectively the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, and the Irish Land Commission.

Other expressions have the same meanings respectively as in the Land Law ('Ireland) Act, 1881.

The expression "tenant " shall include a tenant holding under a fee farm grant.

1885. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 73, 74. 391

SCHEDULE.

REDEMPTION TABLE.

A Table shewing the amount that will redeem an annual instalment of Four pounds due after the expiration of the under-mentioned number of complete years from the payment of the redemption money.

Interval of Years. | 1 Amount of Redemption money. Interval of Years. Amount of Redemption money.

£e. d. £e. d.

48 0 19 5 24 1 19 5

47 10 0 23 2 0 7

46 10 7 22 2 1 10

45 112 21 2 3 1

44 1 1 10 20 2 4 4

43 12 6 19 2 5 8

42 13 2 18 2 7 0

41 1 3 10 17 2 8 5

40 14 7 16 2 9 11

39 15 4 15 2 11 5

38 16 1 14 2 12 11

37 1 6 10 13 2 14 6

36 17 8 12 2 16 2

35 18 6 11 2 17 10

34 19 4 10 2 19 7

33 1 10 2 9 3 14

32 1 11 1 8 3 3 2

31 1 12 0 7 3 5 1

30 1 13 0 6 3 7 0

29 1 14 0 5 3 9 1

28 1 15 0 4 3 11 1

27 1 16 1 3 3 13 3

26 1 17 2 2 3 15 5

25 1 18 3 1 3 17 9

CHAPTER 74.

An Act to amend the Law relating to taking Evidence by Commission in India and the Colonies, and elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions.

[14th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Evidence by Commission Act, 1885.

2. Where in any civil proceeding in any court of competent juris- Power to diction an order for the examination of any witness or person has court8 to n.omi-been made, and a commission, mandamus, order, or request for the examination of such witness or person is addressed to any court, ceedings. or to any judge of a court, in India or the Colonies, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions, beyond the jurisdiction of the court

392

Ch. 74, 75. Evidence by Commissio Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

ordering the examination, it shall be lawful for such court, or the chief judge thereof, or such judge, to nominate some fit person to take such examination, and any deposition or examination taken before an examiner so nominated shall be admissible in evidence to the same extent as if it had been taken by or before such court or judge.

Power in 3. Where in any criminal proceeding a mandamus or order for

ceedin^ to°" examination of any witness or person is addressed to any court, nominate judge or to any judge of a court, in India or the Colonies, or elsewhere or magistrate in Her Majesty's dominions, beyond the jurisdiction of the court tions^6 deposl" ordering the examination, it shall be lawful for such court, or the chief judge thereof, or such judge, to nominate any judge of such court, or any judge of an inferior court, or magistrate within the jurisdiction of such first-mentioned court, to take the examination of such witness or person, and any deposition or examination so taken shall be admissible in evidence to the same extent as if it had been taken by or before the court or judge to whom the mandamus or order was addressed.

Application of 4. The provisions of the Act passed in the twenty-second year 22 Vict. c. 20. of Her Majesty, chapter twenty, intituled " An Act to provide for money^'&c.fto " taking evidence in suits and proceedings pending before tribunals proceedings' " in Her Majesty's dominions in places out of the jurisdiction of such under this tribunals " (which may be cited as the Evidence by Commission

ct‘ Act, 1859), as amended by this Act, shall apply to proceedings under this Act.

Amendment of 22 Vict. c. 20. as to costs.

Oath or affirmation of witness.

5. The power to make rules conferred by section six of the Evidence by Commission Act, 1859, shall be deemed to include a power to make rules with regard to all costs of or incidental to the examination of any witness or person, including the remuneration of the examiner, if any, whether the examination be ordered pursuant to that Act or under this or any other Act for the time being in force relating to the examination of witnesses beyond the jurisdiction of the court ordering the examination.

6. When pursuant to any such commission, mandamus, order, or request as in this Act referred to any witness or person is to be examined in any place beyond the jurisdiction of the court ordering the examination, such witness or person may be examined on oath, affirmation, or otherwise, according to the law in force in the place where the examination is taken, and any deposition or examination so taken shall be as effectual for all purposes as if the witness or person had been examined on oath before a person duly authorised to administer an oath in the court ordering the examination.

CHAPTER 75.

An Act to amend the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871.

[14th August 1885.]

34 & 35 Vict. \\T WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Prevention of Crimes c.ii2. TY Act, 1871:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tera-

393

1885. Prevention of Crimes Amendment Act, 1885. Ch. 75, 76.

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Act of the session of the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and twelve, and may be cited for all purposes as the Prevention of Crimes Amendment Act, 1885.

2. The provisions of the twelfth section of the said recited Act shall apply to all cases of resisting or wilfully obstructing any constable or peace officer when in the execution of his duty.

Provided, that in cases to which the said recited Act is extended by this Act the person convicted shall not be liable to a greater penalty than five pounds, or, in default of payment, to be imprisoned with or without hard labour for a longer term than two months.

3. This Act shall not apply to Ireland.

CHAPTER 76.

An Act for the preservation of the River Thames above Teddington Lock for purposes of public recreation, and for regulating the pleasure traffic thereon.

[14th August 1885.]

WHEREAS the River Thames is a navigable highway; and whereas, by reason of the increase of population in London and other places near the said river, it has come to be largely used as a place of public recreation and resort, and it is expedient that provision should be made for regulating the different kinds of traffic in the said river between the Town of Cricklade and Teddington Lock, and upon the banks thereof within the limits aforesaid, and for the keeping of public order and the prevention of nuisances, to the intent that the said river should be preserved as a place of regulated public recreation:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I. — Navigation.

1. It shall be lawful for all persons, whether for pleasure or profit, to go and be, pass and repass, in boats or vessels over or upon any and every part of the River Thames, through which Thames water flows, between the Town of Cricklade and Teddington Lock, including all such backwaters creeks side-channels bays and inlets connected therewith as form parts of the said river within the limits aforesaid.

2. All private artificial cuts for purposes of drainage or irrigation, and all artificial inlets for moats boathouses ponds or other like private purposes, already made or hereafter to be made, and all channels which by virtue of any conveyance from or agreement with the Conservators, or the Commissioners acting under any of the Acts mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act or by any

Construction and short title.

Extension of 34 & 35 Vict. c. 112. s. 12.

Extent of Act.

Public right of navigation.

Private artificial cuts not to be deemed parts of the river.

394

Conservators may exclude the public.

Ki^ht of navigation to include anchoring and mooring.

Riparian owner to remove obstructions unless maintained for 20 years.

Provision against shoot mg or use of fire-arms on the river.

Registration of boats.

Ch. 76. Thames Preservation Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

lawful title have been enjoyed as private channels for the period of twenty years before the passing of this Act shall be deemed not to be parts of the said river for the purposes of the last preceding section or any provisions consequent thereon.

3. Notwithstanding anything in the first section contained, it shall be lawful for the Conservators from time to time to exclude the public for a limited period from specified portions of the said river for purposes connected with the navigation or with any public work or uses, or for the preservation of public order.

4. The right of navigation herein-before described shall be deemed to include a right to anchor, moor, or remain stationary for a reasonable time in the ordinary course of pleasure navigation, subject to such restrictions as the Conservators shall from time to time by byelaws determine; and it shall be the duty of the Conservators to make special regulations for the prevention of annoyance to any occupier of a riparian residence by reason of the loitering or delay of any house-boat or steam launch, and for the prevention of the pollution of the river by the sewage of any house-boat or steam launch. Provided that nothing in this Act, or in any byelaw made thereunder, shall be construed to deprive any riparian owner of any legal rights in the soil or bed of the river which he may now possess, or of any legal remedies which he may now possess* for prevention of anchoring, mooring, loitering, or delay of any boat or other vessel, or to give any riparian owner any right as against the public which he did not possess before the passing of this Act to exclude any person from entering upon or navigating any back-water, creek, channel, bay, inlet, or other water, whether deemed to be part of the River Thames as in this Act defined or not.

Provided also, that the powers given by this clause shall be in addition to and not to be deemed to be in substitution for any powers already possessed by the Conservators.

5. Any person obstructing the navigation herein-before described by means of any weir, bridge, piles, dam, chain, barrier, or other impediment, shall be liable to be allied upon by the Conservators to remove the same, and his refusal to do so shall be deemed to be a continuing offence within the meaning of this Act, and the obstruction itself shall be deemed to be a nuisance to the navigation unless the same or substantially the same has been maintained for the period of twenty years before the commencement of this Act.

6. From and after the passing of this Act it shall be unlawful to discharge any firearm, air-gun, gun, or similar instrument over or upon the said river within the limits aforesaid, or the banks or towpaths thereof, or any land acquired by the Conservators under the provisions of this Act, and every person discharging any firearm, air-gun, gun, or similar instrument over or upon the said river limits as aforesaid, or the banks or towpaths thereof or any such land as aforesaid shall be deemed to have committed an offence under this Act.

PART II. — Regulation of Pleasure Boats.

7. In addition to the rights and duties of the Conservators relating to registration and tolls already created by the Thames

1885.

395

Thames Preservation Act, 1885. Ch. 76.

Navigation Act, 1870, the Thames Conservancy Act, 1878, and the Thames Act, 1883, or by any other of the Acts in the First Schedule to this Act mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Conservators to direct by byelaw that all boats or vessels, with the exception of any such class of boats or vessels as may, together with the reasons of such exception, be specified in any such byelaw for pleasure navigation, shall be registered, together with the true names and addresses of the owners thereof respectively, in a General Register to be kept at their chief office in a form by them to be prescribed, and as to all vessels propelled by steam power and all house-boats and all rowing or sailing boats plying for hire, and any such other particular class of boats or vessels as by them from time to time by byelaw may be prescribed to issue licences to ply upon any part of the upper navigation, or upon a limited part thereof only, according to regulations in each case by them to be made by byelaw in manner herein-after provided.

8. From and after the dates by any such byelaw to be fixed respectively, it shall be an offence under this Act to use any boat or vessel of the class mentioned in the same byelaw on any part of the river to which such byelaw applies, unless such boat or vessel shall have been previously registered or licensed in manner therein provided.

9. In the General Register in the seventh section of this Act mentioned, separate lists shall be kept of boats and vessels used for pleasure navigation by private owners, and of boats and vessels let for hire. The former class of boats or vessels shall be distinguished, according to regulations to be made from time to time by the Conservators, by a registered number, crest, badge, or mark, and the latter class by a registered number; and the provisions of section eleven and section thirteen of the Thames Act, 1883, as to displaying or concealing the name or number of any steam launch shall be deemed in all cases to apply to the said registered numbers, crests, badge, and marks respectively, with such modifications as the Conservators may by such regulations from time to time direct.

10. It shall be lawful for the Conservators by byelaw to enact as to any or all of the classes of boats or vessels by them from time to time required to be licensed or registered as aforesaid, that such licence or registration shall be renewed at any interval not being less than one year.

11. It shall be lawful for the Conservators to charge in respect of boats or vessels registered under this Act sums not exceeding the sums following, that is to say, for each registration of a pleasure-boat not being a house-boat, a sum not exceeding two shillings and sixpence, and for each registration of a house-boat a sum not exceeding five pounds, and if such house-boat shall be more than thirty feet in length, a further sum not exceeding twenty shillings in respect of every complete five feet and the fraction of an incomplete five feet by which such house-boat shall exceed thirty feet in length.

Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall require a boat or vessel not being a house-boat to be registered oftener than once in three years.

Navigating without registration to be an offence.

Lists to be kept of private boats and boats for hire.

Renewal of yearly registration.

Fee for registration.

396

Ch. 76.

Present registration or licence not to be affected.

First registration.

Application of ss. 7, 8, 9, and 14 of the Thames Act, 1883, to all registered boats and vessels.

Every boat or vessel to be deemed to be in charge of one person.

Person in charge to be responsible for order.

Conservators may accept and hold land for certain purposes.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

Thames Preservation Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

12. Nothing in this Act shall require any vessel which may under any Act be required to be registered or licensed by the master, wardens, and commonalty of watermen and lightermen of the River Thames to be registered or licensed under this Act

13. For the purposes of the last preceding section a fresh registration or licence of any boat or vessel in a class other than that in which the same was first registered or licensed shall be deemed a first registration or licence.

14. The provisions of sections seven, eight, nine, and fourteen of The Thames Act, 1883, as to registered owners of steam launches, shall apply to the registered owners of all boats or vessels for the time being registered pursuant to the provisions of this Act, and of the byelaws in that behalf from time to time in force, and the same section nine and section fourteen shall be read as if the words "boat or vessel " therein were substituted for the word "steam launch, " and as if the words "this Act " therein referred to the present Act.

15. Every boat or vessel used for pleasure navigation upon any part of the River Thames within the limits aforesaid shall be deemed to be in charge of one person, who shall be in every case a registered owner, or the person duly appointed or permitted by him to be in charge, or the person hiring such boat or vessel, and in the absence of any such person then any person having control or being in command of such boat or vessel.

16. Every person who for the time being is in charge of any boat or vessel shall be responsible for the preservation of order and decency, and for the observance of the provisions of this Act; and upon proof that an offence under this Act has been committed by any person on board such boat or vessel, and that the person in charge has refused to give the name and address of the offender, then the person in charge shall be deemed to have committed an offence under this Act.

PART III. — General Powers.

17. In addition to their existing powers to take and hold land, it shall be lawful for the Conservators to accept and hold any land which any person may offer to them for dedication to public uses in connexion with the purposes of this Act, upon such terms and conditions as they may see fit, and it shall be lawful for the Corporation of the City of London, or the Metropolitan Board of Works, and for the University of Oxford, or, subject to the provisions of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, so far as they are applicable, for the Corporation of the City of Oxford, or any corporation or other person, to give grant dedicate convey or devise any land or right over land to the extent of their estates and interests respectively unto the Conservators for the purpose of enabling the public to use such land or any part thereof as a public highway, or as a place of public resort, or for the purpose of creating bathing places, or camping-grounds, or landing-places, or for any other purposes connected with this Act, any of the provisions of the Act passed in the ninth year of the reign of King

397

1885. Thames Preservation, 1885. Ch. 76.

George the Second, chapter thirty-six, or any other statute or any rule of law to the contrary notwithstanding.

18. Where any company or person is entitled under any Act Acquisition by of Parliament, grant, custom, or otherwise to any right of abstrac- ^te"fent of ting or appropriating water which might otherwise flow or find abstracting its way into the river, it shall be lawful for any such person on water from the the one hand and the Conservators or any other person on the nver* other hand to enter into and carry into effect an agreement or agreements for the conveyance of such right to the Conservators;

and every such right may be conveyed to the Conservators by deed and shall as from the date of such conveyance be absolutely extinguished to the intent that such water shall thereafter be allowed to flow into the river.

And it shall be lawful for any of the companies supplying water within the Metropolis to make contributions out of their capital or revenue in aid of the acquisition and extinguishment of any such right, and for the Conservators to accept such contributions and contributions from any other person or persons and employ them for that purpose.

19. It shall be lawful for the Conservators, in addition to all Alteration and powers of making byelaws already possessed by them under the byehw8.°n of Acts mentioned in the First Schedule hereto, to make and from

time to time to suspend or alter in the same manner and with the same consent as in the same Acts is provided, all byelaws which they may deem necessary for the purposes mentioned in this Act, or in the Second Schedule hereto.

20. Any act or default in contravention of any of the said Continuing byelaws or of the provisions of this Act, which after due notice is ° ences* repeated or continued, shall be a continuing offence under this Act.

PART IV. — Procedure.

21. Any person convicted of an offence under this Act shall Penalty for where no other penalty is provided by this Act or any of the Acts offence against mentioned in the First Schedule hereto, or by any byelaw made the Act" thereunder respectively, be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

22. Any person convicted of an offence which is a continuing Penalty for offence under this Act shall, where no greater penalty has been continuing provided for such offence by any of the Acts mentioned in the 0 ence‘

First Schedule hereto, be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

23. For the purposes of this Act, and of every byelaw to be Jurisdiction of made by the Conservators thereunder, the jurisdiction of all justices ?ert?in

of the peace for the counties of Surrey, Berkshire, Wiltshire, Justice* Gloucester, Oxford, Buckingham, and Middlesex, and of the magistrates for the City of Oxford, and of every other borough the police jurisdiction of which extends to any place upon the River Thames within the limits aforesaid, and the jurisdiction powers and authority of the Proctors of the University of Oxford and the marshals and officers acting under them, and the power and authority of the Metropolitan Police, and of all police officers and constables acting for any of the said counties or boroughs, shall extend over

398

As to place where offence committed.

Bailiffs and servants of Conservators may be sworn in as police constables.

Proceedings for summary conviction.

Moneys paid to the Conservators to be carried to the Conservancy Fund.

Saving clause.

Definitions.

Ch. 76. Thames Presei'vation Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

the whole of the River Thames, and the towpaths banks and precincts thereof, within the limits aforesaid.

24. For the purposes of any proceedings in respect of any offence under this Act, or under any of the Acts mentioned in the First Schedule hereto, every such offence shall be deemed to have been committed, and every cause of complaint in respect thereof shall be deemed to have arisen either in the place in which the same actually was committed or arose, or in any place in which the offender or person complained against may be.

25. It shall be in the power and at the discretion of the Conservators to procure all or any of their water-bailiffs, river-keepers, lock-keepers, or other servants, to be sworn in as police constables for any of the counties or boroughs aforesaid, but they shall not be liable without the consent of the Conservators to be called upon to perform the duties of such police constables, except for the purposes of this Act or of the Acts mentioned in the First Schedule hereto.

26. Proceedings in relation to any offence or continuing offence under this Act or any of the Acts mentioned in the First Schedule hereto, or under any byelaw already made or hereafter to be made by the Conservators, or for the recovery of any penalty under this Act or any of the said Acts mentioned in the First Schedule hereto, or any byelaw made thereunder respectively, may be taken before a court of summary jurisdiction according to the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and all such penalties, whether recovered summarily or otherwise, shall be paid to the Conservators, and shall form part of their funds.

27. All moneys recovered or received by the Conservators or their secretary or other officer under any of the provisions of this Act shall be carried to the Conservancy Fund, and all moneys arising in respect of the Upper River as defined by the Acts mentioned in the schedule hereto shall be credited to the Upper Navigation Fund.

28. Saving always to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her heirs and successors, and to all and every other person or persons and body or bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, and his, her, or their heirs, successors, executors, and administrators, all such right, title, estate, and interest as they or any of them could or ought to have had or enjoyed of in to or in respect of the river and the banks and towpaths thereof within the limits aforesaid in case this Act had not been passed, excepting so far as relates to the said right of navigation and other rights expressly declared and provided for by this Act.

29. In this Act the following terms have the several meanings hereby assigned to them unless there be something in the subject or context repugnant to such construction (that is to say): —

The terms " the River Thames " and " the said river " shall, for the purposes of this Act, mean and include all and every part of the River Thames specified in section one, excepting the cuts, inlets, and channels specified in section two:

The term "the Conservators" means the Conservators of the River Thames:

The term "due notice" means a notice in writing given by the Conservators or any person duly authorised in writing by them to act in their behalf:

1885. Thames Presewation Act, 1885. Ch. 76. 399

The words " consent of the Conservators " shall mean permission in writing signed by the secretary of the Conservators:

The £erm "byelaw" includes rules, orders, and regulations:

The term "person " includes corporation:

The term "land " includes land of any tenure, and tenements and hereditaments, corporeal or incorporeal, and houses and other buildings, and also an undivided share in land, and any rights over land whatsoever, whether appendant, appurtenant, or in gross:

The term "precincts " includes any place within a hundred yards of the said river on either side thereof:

The term "vessel " shall include any ship, lighter, barge, launch, house-boat, boat, randan, wherry, skiff, dingey, shallop, punt, canoe, raft, or other craft.

[Short title.]

30. This Act may be cited as the Thames Preservation Act, 1885.

SCHEDULE I.

24 Geo. II. c. 8., 30 Geo. II. c. 21., 11 Geo. III. c. 45., 14 Geo. III. c. 91., 15 Geo. III. c. 11., 17 Geo. III. c. 18., 28 Geo. III. c. 51.,

35 Geo. III. c. 106., 50 Geo. III. cap. cciv., 52 Geo. III. cap. xlvi.,

52 Geo. III. cap. xlvii., 54 Geo. III. cap. ccxxiii., 20 & 21 Vict cap. cxlvii.

(The Thames Conservancy Act, 1857), 27 & 28 Vict. c. 113. (The Thames Conservancy Act, 1864), 29 & 30 Vict. c. 89. (The Thames Navigation Act, 1866), 30 & 31 Vict. cap. ci. (The Thames Conservancy Act, 1867),

33 & 34 Vict. cap. cxlix. (The Thames Navigation Act, 1870), 41 & 42 Vict. cap. ccxvi. (The Thames Conservancy Act, 1878), 46 & 47 Vict. cap. lxxix. (The Thames Act, 1883).

SCHEDULE II.

Purposes for which Byelaws may be made under the Powers and Provisions of this Act.

1. For preventing offences against decency by persons using the River Thames, and the banks and towpaths thereof, or any land acquired by the Conservators under the provisions of this Act

2. For preventing disorderly conduct, or the use of obscene, scandalous, or abusive language to the annoyance of persons using the said River Thames or the banks or towpaths thereof, or any land acquired by the Conservators under the provisions of this Act.

3. For preventing any nuisance to riparian residents or others by persons using the river.

4. For preventing trespasses upon any riparian dwelling-houses or the curtilages or gardens belonging thereto.

5. For regulating the navigation with a view to the safety and amenity of the said river in relation to the purposes of this Act.

6. For preventing injury to flowering and other plants, shrubs, vegetation, trees, woods and underwoods, on or near the said river.

7. For preventing bird-catching, bird-nesting, bird-trapping, and the searching for, taking, or destruction of swans' and other birds' nests, eggs,

or the young of any birds or other animals on or about the said river, saving all existing rights of fowling, shooting, hunting, and sporting.

8. For preserving the various notice-boards and other works and things set up by the Conservators or with their consent.

9. For preventing disturbance of the navigation provided for by this Act.

A

4*00 Ch. 76, 77. Thames Preservation Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

10. For registering and licensing boats or vessels, and for regulating the conditions of such licences, and the letting or hiring of boats, vessels, conveyances, horses or other animals, in connexion with the purposes of this Act.

11. For imposing penalties for breaches of byelaws, subject to the provisions of this Act and of the Acts in the First Schedule mentioned.

CHAPTER 77.

An Act to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, and for other purposes connected with Labourers Dwellings in Ireland.

[14th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885.

Leases of Land by Agreement and otherwise.

Power of limited owner to make leases. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 60.

Confirmation of lease.

Compulsory powers of taking land for a term of years.

2. Any limited owner shall have power to grant leases to & sanitary authority for the purposes of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, subject to the following restrictions: —

(1.) The term of any lease shall not exceed ninety-nine years.

(2.) The lease shall not include any mansion-house, home farm, or demesne lands.

(3.) The lease shall take effect in possession or within one year after the execution thereof, and not in reversion; and there shall be reserved thereby the best yearly rent which can reasonably be obtained, to be incidental to the immediate reversion, without taking anything in the nature of a fine, premium, or foregift.

(4.) The sanitary authority shall execute a counterpart of the lease.

3. Upon the application of either the limited owner or the sanitary authority, the Court may confirm any lease granted or proposed to be granted by a limited owner under this Act; and the Court may, if it thinks fit, confirm or refuse to confirm any such lease with or without modifications, and the confirmation of any such lease shall be deemed conclusive evidence of the lease being within the powers of this Act; but a lease purporting to be made by a limited owner under this Act shall not be questioned by reason only of its not having been confirmed by the Court.

4. — (1.) For the purposes of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, the Local Government Board may, by provisional order confirming any scheme under that Act, empower a sanitary authority to take compulsorily any lands referred to in such order for any term of years, not exceeding ninety-nine years, at a rent to be determined in case of difference in the manner provided by this Act.

(2.) When such provisional order has been confirmed or has become absolute, the sanitary authority, or the owner of the land proposed to be taken, may, within the prescribed time and in the

1885.

401

Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 77.

prescribed manner, apply to the Court for an order fixing the rent, terms, provisions, and conditions at and subject to which the land is to be taken by the sanitary authority; and notice of such application shall be given to the prescribed persons and in the prescribed manner.

(3.) The Court shall thereupon proceed to adjudicate upon such application, and shall make an order in each case determining the rent, covenants, conditions, and other incidents affecting the tenancy of the said land; subject, however, to the several restrictions affecting leases to be granted by a limited owner in pursuance of this Act.

Such order of the Court shall operate in the same manner as if it . were a lease made by a limited owner of the land and confirmed by the Court in pursuance of this Act, and shall be subject to the same stamp duty as if it were a lease.

(4.) This section shall apply whether the owner of the land proposed to be taken is under any disability or not.

5. The practice of the Court, and their sittings, and the mode of Rules, making applications, and the giving of notices to persons interested, and the publication of notices and advertisements, and of any orders of the Court, and the fixing and appointing of the time at which anything is required to be done, and generally all the procedure incident to the performance by the Court of the duties imposed on them by this Act, shall be regulated by rules made under section fifty of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, and that section shall be 44 & 45 Via. applied for the purposes of this Act as if such purposes had been c*49* specified therein.

6. If part only of the land charged with any Crown rent, quit- Apportionment rent, rentcharge, or fee-farm rent, is required to be taken for a term

of years under the compulsory powers of this Act by a sanitary c 97> 4 lct' authority, the apportionment of any such Crown rent, quitrent, or rentcharge, or fee-farm rent may be settled by agreement between the party entitled to sue for the same and the owner of the lands on the one part and the sanitary authority on the other part, and if such apportionment is not settled by agreement the same shall be settled by the Court; and the Crown, or the owner of the rentcharge or fee-farm rent, shall have all the same rights and remedies for the recovery of such apportioned parts respectively against the lands taken and the lands not taken by the sanitary authority'"as previously to such apportionment subsisted for the recovery of the entire.

7. If any land is comprised in a lease for a life or lives, or in a Apportionment letting for a term of years, or from year to year, part only of of renj.whero which land is required to be taken for a term of years under the helT'Iub-compulsory powers of this Act by the sanitary authority, the rent ject to rent is payable in respect of the land comprised in such lease or letting taken-shall be apportioned between the land so required and the residue

of such land; and such apportionment may be settled by agreement between the landlord and tenant of such land on the one part, and the sanitary authority on the other part; and if such apportionment be not so settled by agreement such apportionment shall be settled by the Court; and after such apportionment, the tenant of such land shall, as to all future accruing rent, be liable only to so

Cc 2

402

Compensation for loss by compulsory taking of label.

Re-hearings.

44 & 45 Vict. C. 49.

Persons under disability.

Effect of lease.

Ch. 77. Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 VICT.

much of the rent as shall be apportioned in respect of the land not taken by the sanitary authority; and as to the land not so taken, and as against the tenant, the landlord shall have the same rights and remedies for the recovery of such portion of rent as previously to such apportionment he had for the recovery of the whole rent, and all the terms and conditions of the tenancy shall remain in force with regard to that part of the land not taken by the sanitary authority in the same manner as they would have done in case such part only had been subject to the tenancy.

8. The loss, injury, or damage sustained by any owner or occupier of land taken for a term of years shall, as far as possible, be compensated for by the rent awarded to be paid to the owner, or the apportionment of the rent payable by the occupier; but in special circumstances the Court may award to such owner or occupier for any loss, injury, or damage, not so compensated for by such rent or apportionment of rent as aforesaid, and to every other person having any estate, interest, or right in the land, such other compensation as might have been awarded by an arbitrator under the sections of the Lands Clauses Acts which relate to the taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

9. In the case of an order of the Court concerning land proposed to be taken for a term of years, the sanitary authority proposing to take the land, or the owner of, or any person having any estate, interest, or right in such land, shall have the same right to a rehearing, where the order has been made by one member of the Land Commission, or by a sub-Commission, as is given by sections forty-four and forty-eight of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, to a person aggrieved by any order referred to in those sections; and the provisions of the last-mentioned section relative to cases stated for the Court of Appeal in Ireland shall apply to proceedings under this Act.

10. The guardian of any minor, and the committee of the estate of any idiot or lunatic, shall, for the purposes of this Act, represent such minor, idiot, or lunatic.

Where there is no guardian or committee of the estate of a person under such disability as aforesaid, or where any person the committee of whose estate if he were idiot or lunatic would be authorised to represent such person is of unsound mind or incapable of managing his affairs, but has not been found idiot or lunatic by inquisition, the Court may from time to time appoint a guardian for such person for the purposes of this Act. The Court may from -time to time appoint for the same purposes a person to act as next friend for a married woman.

11. — (1.) Any letting made in pursuance of this Act by agreement or otherwise shall be valid against the person making the same, and against all persons entitled to any incumbrance, estate, or interest in the land, either paramount or subsequent to the estate or interest of such person. Any such letting made in pursuance of this Act by a body corporate shall bind all the estate and interest of such body corporate.

(2.) In every such letting there shall be implied the covenants and conditions on behalf of the lessor and lessees respectively mentioned in sections forty-one and forty-two of the Landlord and

1885. Labourers (Ireland), 1885. Ch. 77. 403

Tenant Law Amendment Act (Ireland) 1860, other than the cove- 28 & 24 Vict. nant for absolute title on the part of the lessor. c. 154.

Provisional Orders.

12. — (1.) So much of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, as enacts Provisional that a provisional order made by the Local Government Board as ord‘ be therein mentioned, shall not be of any validity until and unless it y

has been confirmed by Act of Parliament, and all other provisions Council, of that Act relative to the confirmation by Parliament of such orders, shall be and are hereby repealed.

(2.) A provisional order of the Local Government Board for confirming an improvement scheme under the said Act or under this Act shall become absolute and shall take effect, unless:

(a.) The order authorises the purchase of any land otherwise than by agreement, or the taking of any land for a term of years otherwise than by agreement, and a petition against the order, signed by an owner or occupier of land proposed to be purchased or taken otherwise than by agreement, is lodged with the Local Government Board; or,

(b) A petition against the order, signed by not less than twelve ratepayers liable to pay rates in respect of property situate within the area declared by such order to be chargeable, is lodged with the Local Government Board.

Petitions under this section may be lodged within such time, not less than one month after the making and publication of the provisional order, as the Board may from time to time by regulation prescribe.

(3.) Whenever a petition is lodged against any order, the Local Government Board may make application to the Lord Lieutenant, acting with the advice of the Privy Council in Ireland, for an Order in Council confirming the order, and shall inform the sanitary authority who obtained the provisional order that a petition against it has been lodged and an application made to the Lord Lieutenant in Council to confirm the order.

The sanitary authority may appear in support of such application.

It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant by Order in Council, after hearing the petitioner or giving him an opportunity of being heard, to confirm, or to disallow, any provisional order, and, in case of confirmation of an order, to make such amendments therein, or of any improvement scheme thereby provisionally confirmed, and to add such terms and conditions, as may be set out in the Order in Council

(4.) A provisional order confirmed by Order in Council, also a provisional order which under this Act does not require to be so confirmed, shall be of the same effect as if it had been confirmed by Parliament.

(5.) The making of a provisional order shall be prima facie evidence that all the requirements of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 46 & 47 Vict. 1883, in respect of proceedings required to be taken previously to c* 60-the making of such provisional order, have been complied with.

404

Amendment of provisional orders made before this Act.

Order confirmed before the passing of this Act may be superseded by new order.

Ch. 77. Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

(6.) The costs of all parties of and incident to an application for the confirmation of a provisional order shall be in the discretion of the Lord Lieutenant in Council, and an order respecting costs shall be enforceable as if it were an order of the Chancery Division of the High Court.

(7.) The Lord Lieutenant in Council may from time to time make such general rules as may seem fit for regulating the procedure under this section and generally for carrying it into effect, and for fixing the amount of any fees, and the taxation and payment of any costs, to be taken, allowed, and paid in relation to the confirmation of provisional orders. Such general rules shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

13. The Local Government Board may, if they think fit, amend any provisional order made by them before the passing of this Act and confirmed by Parliament, as follows:

Where the provisional order empowers a sanitary authority to put in force the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts relative to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, with reference to lands specified in such order, the Local Government Board may declare that the enactments contained in this Act relative to the taking of land for a term of years shall apply to such lands or some of them, and may fix such term.

Such declaration may be made by provisional order, in this Act referred to as an amending provisional order.

The provisions of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, requiring certain matters and things to be done before the Local Government Board make any provisional order, shall not apply to an amending provisional order under this Act.

The sanitary authority shall serve a copy of an amending provisional order in the manner and upon the persons in which and upon whom the provisional order thereby amended was served.

An amending provisional order shall become absolute, and shall take effect without any Order in Council confirming the same, unless a petition against the order, signed by some owner or occupier of land proposed to be taken for a term of years, is lodged with the Local Government Board within such time, not less than one month after the making and publication of the amending provisional order, as the Local Government Board may from time to time by regulation prescribe. An amending provisional order against which a petition is lodged shall be dealt with in the same manner as other opposed provisional orders are directed to be dealt with under this Act.

An amending provisional order may alter sites and otherwise vary the original order.

14. When a sanitary authority has not obtained and applied a Treasury loan in pursuance of a provisional order made and confirmed by Parliament before the passing of this Act, and have not entered into possession of any land authorised to be taken by them under such order, such order may be allowed to lapse, and such sanitary authority may avail itself of the provisions of this Act in

1885. Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 77. 405

applying for a new provisional order, and may proceed in all respects as if the original order had not been made and confirmed.

Additional Powers of Sanitary Authorities,

15. — (1.) After the making of an improvement scheme by a Amendments sanitary authority and before the making of a provisional order by in themes, the Local Government Board authorising such scheme to be carried

into execution, the sanitary authority may propose for the consideration of the Local Government Board any amendments in such scheme which they think necessary.

The sanitary authority shall give such public advertisement of any amendment as the Local Government Board may from time to time by order direct. Such advertisement shall name a convenient place where a copy of such amendments, with a map, may be inspected by any person interested, at any reasonable time.

If in any such amendments any lands are proposed to be acquired otherwise than by agreement, either by way of absolute purchase or for a term of years, the sanitary authority shall serve upon owners or reputed owners, lessees or reputed lessees, and occupiers, of such lands, the notices which they are required to serve under the seventh section of the Labourers (Ireland) Act,

1883, in the manner thereby prescribed.

Such notices shall be served during the month next following the month in which the advertisement is published, or at such other interval of time as the Local Government Board may order.

The Local Government Board may on proof of the giving of such advertisement and the service of such notices, where necessary, take the proposed amendments into consideration, with the original scheme; and shall, if applied to by the owner or occupier of the lands proposed to be acquired, direct a local inquiry to be held with respect to such amendments, and may make a provisional order authorising the scheme, with such amendments, to be carried into effect.

(2.) The Local Government Board may refer back any scheme to the Sanitary Authority, for the purpose of considering, and, if they think fit, submitting to the Local Government Board, any amendments therein which the Local Government Board may consider necessary.

The Local Government Board may correct any mistakes or technical defects in any scheme, on such terms as they may think fit.

16. A sanitary authority acting in execution of the Labourers Powers of the (Ireland) Act, 1888, may purchase and put into repair any existing

cottage which is in a bad state of repair, or may purchase by agree- relative to ment any existing cottage, or by agreement may purchase and allot purchasing to the occupant of any such existing cottage half an acre of land, and may make additions to and improvements in any cottage allotting land purchased by them; and may let any cottage purchased by them to existing to an agricultural labourer, under the conditions prescribed by the said Act. A sanitary authority having any existing cottage, or purchasing any existing cottage, may purchase any land for the purpose of letting it to the tenant of such cottage, being an agricul-

406

Closing of dwellings unfit for habitation.

Ch. 77. Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 &49 Vicp.

tural labourer, or may, without having or purchasing any cottage, purchase or take on lease for a term of years, by agreement, tracts of land to be parcelled out in allotments to be let to any agricultural labourers living in any neighbouring village or town, if such land is so situated as to be suitable for that purpose: Provided that the land to be let to any one such person shall not exceed half an acre:Provided also, that, except in the case of a tract of land in the neighbourhood of a town or village as aforesaid, a sanitary authority shall not let or permit to be held any land acquired by them under the said Act as amended by this Act to or by any person who is not also tenant to the sanitary authority of a dwelling-house.

Provided also that —

The power to purchase lands and cottages conferred by this section shall include a power to take lands and cottages for a term of years.

Section fourteen of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, shall not apply to any cottage purchased and put into repair by a sanitary authority.

The powers conferred by this section shall be in addition to the powers vested in sanitary authorities by the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the provisions of that Act, as herein amended, shall apply to the execution of such powers, and the carrying into effect any of the purposes of this section.

17. — (1.) When upon a local inquiry as to any scheme under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, it is established to the satisfaction of an inspector of the Local Government Board that any house occupied as a dwelling-house by a labourer is unfit for human habitation, the inspector shall specially report the facts of the case to the Local Government Board. And it shall be the duty of the sanitary authority promoting such scheme, by notice in writing, to require the owner of such house to cease to permit it to be used as a dwelling-house.

If such notice is not obeyed, a court of summary jurisdiction, on the application of the sanitary authority, which application they are hereby required to make, may order the house to be demolished or prohibit the using of such house as a dwelling-house until in the judgment of the court of summary jurisdiction it has been rendered fit for human habitation; and on the court of summary jurisdiction being satisfied that it has been rendered fit for that purpose, the court of summary jurisdiction may determine its previous order by another declaring the house habitable, and from the date thereof such house may be let and inhabited.

(2.) In any proceedings under this section a special report of an inspector of the Local Government Board shall be primal facie evidence of the facts stated therein; and a copy purporting to be signed by an inspector shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to be a true copy of such report.

(3.) Any person wilfully acting contrary to an order of prohibition under this section shall on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten shillings for every day during which such disobedience continues.

1885.

407

Labourers (Irelan Act, 1885. Ch. 77.

Nothing in this section shall exempt any person from any penalty to which he would have been subject if this section had not been passed: Provided that no person who has been adjudged to pay any penalty under this section shall for the same otfenca be liable to a penalty under any other Act.

(4.) A sanitary authority shall postpone serving a notice under this section until such time as they are in a position to supply house accommodation for the persons occupying any dwelling-house to which such notice relates.

(5.) The enactments contained in the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relative to proceedings for recovery of penalties and to notices, shall apply to this section.

Miscellaneous.

18. The area upon which any rate shall be levied by a sanitary authority for the discharge of any liability incurred for the purposes of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, or of this Act, shall be fixed by such sanitary authority.

19. — (1.) The advertisements mentioned in section seven of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, may be published at any time.

(2.) The notices to owners, lessees, and occupiers, of lands proposed to be taken compulsorily, mentioned in the same section, shall state in the case of each parcel of land whether it is proposed to be taken for a term of years or otherwise.

(3.) When an improvement scheme has been made by a sanitary authority, a duplicate of every map, and of all particulars and books of reference relative to such scheme, transmitted by the sanitary authority under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, or this Act, to the Local Government Board, shall be deposited by the sanitary authority for public inspection with the clerk of the union, or of every union, if more than one, to which the scheme relates. This section shall apply to amendments in an improvement scheme in the same manner as it applies to a scheme.

(4.) Section seven of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, relative to the correction of accidental mistakes in plans or books of reference, shall be incorporated with the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, and this Act, as if a provisional order were the special Act therein mentioned and a board of guardians were the company.

(5.) The Local Government Board shall have the same power of holding a local inquiry for the purposes of any provisional order under this Act as if such provisional order were made under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

20. When in execution of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, after the completion of an improvement scheme, notice of the compulsory taking of any lands for the purposes of such scheme, or any part thereof, has been served upon any owner or reputed owner, and such owner or reputed owner in his answer to such notice states that he dissents to the taking of such lands, he may in such answer offer to the sanitary authority, instead of such lands, other lands in the same locality of which he is the owner, and which lands he,

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

Area of charge for rate levied by sanitary authority.

Miscellaneous amendments of Act of 1883. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 60.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 20. s. 7.

Power to owner to propose alternative for scheme.

408

Limit of time for giving answers.

Set-off of rent against rates.

Definitions. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 60.

Ch. 77. Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

with the consent of the occupier thereof, may agree to be appropriated to such purposes.

On the consideration of the petition for the confirmation of such scheme, and at the local inquiry to be held in relation thereto, the offer of such owner and the propriety of accepting the same shall be considered, and if such offer shall be accepted the lands specified in such offer may be substituted for the lands originally sought to be taken from such owner compulsorily, and such substitution shall not be deemed to be an addition to the lands proposed in the scheme to be taken compulsorily.

21. The time within which any owner or reputed owner and lessee or reputed lessee of any lands served with any notice as to the compulsory taking of such lands for an improvement scheme under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, may give an answer thereto, as required by the said Act or by this Act, shall be one month after the service of such notice.

22. Any person indebted to a board of guardians in respect of poor rate for property situate in any union, to whom such board of guardians, in their capacity as sanitary authority, are indebted for rent for any land held by them for a term of years under this Act in that union, may set off against the sum so due by him for rates the sum due to him for rent as aforesaid. Any such person shall be entitled to be furnished from time to time by the clerk of the union with a certificate or statement of account, in such form as the Local Government Board may order, showing the amount of the debts which may be set off against each other under this section. And the Local Government Board may from time to time make regulations for carrying this section into effect.

23. So much of the twenty-first section of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, as defines an agricultural labourer shall be and is hereby repealed.

The expression "agricultural labourer " in the said Act and in this Act shall mean a man or woman whose occupation during the ordinary season of agricultural work is the doing of agricultural work for hire on the land of some other person or persons, and includes a herdsman. The term does not include any person who is not wholly or partially paid for his or her labour by wages.

The expression "limited owner " shall mean:

(1.) Any person entitled under any existing or future settlement at law or in equity, for his own benefit and for the term of his own life, to the possession or receipt of the rents and profits of land, whether subject or not to incumbrances, in which the estate for the time being is an estate for lives or years renewable for ever, or is an estate renewable for a term of not less than ninety-nine years, or is an estate for a term of years of which not less than ninety-nine is unexpired, or is a fee-farm grant, or is a greater estate than any of the foregoing estates;

(2.) Any body corporate, any corporation sole, ecclesiastical or lay, any trustees in receipt of rents and profits, guardians of infante, committees of lunatics or idiots, and any commissioners or trustees for ecclesiastical, collegiate, or other public purposes, entitled at law or in equity to the receipt of the rents and

1885. Labourers (Ireland) A, 1885. Ch. 77. 409

profits of any land in which the estate for the time being is such estate as aforesaid.

The expression "settlement " shall mean any deed, will, agreement for a settlement, or other agreement, Act of Parliament or other instrument, or any number of instruments, whether made or passed before or after the passing of this Act, under or by virtue of which instrument or instruments any land, or any estate or interest in land, stands for the time being limited to or in trust for any persons by way of succession.

The expression "the court " shall mean the Irish Land Commission.

The Irish Land Commission may delegate to any sub-commission constituted under the forty-third section of the Land Law (Ireland)

Act, 1881, such of the powers conferred on them by this Act as they think expedient, and may from time to time revoke, alter, or modify any powers so delegated to a sub-commission.

The expression "prescribed " shall mean prescribed by rules made by the Irish Land Commission.

Other terms and expressions used in this Act have the same meaning respectively as in the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883.

24. A lease made under this Act, by agreement or otherwise, may Form of lease, be in the form contained in the schedule to this Act, or to the like

effect, with such modifications as the circumstances of any case may require.

25. All powers given by this Act shall be in addition to, and not Saving for in derogation of, any other powers conferred by any other Act, and other ^ct8> such other powers may be exercised in the same manner as if this Act had not been passed.

26. In the twenty-second section of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, Continuance of

1883, seven years shall be substituted for five years, as the fixed 47 vict term for the continuance of that Act. c 60

SCHEDULE.

Form of Lease by Limited Owner,

This indenture made the day of between of

and the sanitary authority of the rural sanitary district of of the other part:

Whereas A.B.is a limited owner within the meaning of the Labourers 48 & 49 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1885, of the hereditaments herein-after described: c. 77.

And whereas the said A.B. has agreed to demise the said hereditaments to the said sanitary authority in manner herein-after appearing:

Now this indenture witnesses that in pursuance of the said agreement, and in consideration of the rent and covenants herein-after reserved and contained, he the said A.B. doth by these presents, made in execution of the power vested in him under the said Act, and of all other estates and powers in anywise enabling him, appoint and demise to the said sanitary authority, their successors and assigns, all [parcels]

in the barony of county of, with the

appurtenances, to hold unto the said sanitary authority, their successors and assigns, from the day of last, for the

term of years, yielding and paying during the said term the

yearly rent of £ by equal half-yearly payments, the first of such

payments to be made on the day of next:

410

Interpretation of terms.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Ch. 77, 78. Labourers (Ireland) , 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

And the said sanitary authority do hereby for themselves, their successors and assigns, covenant with the said and his assigns in manner

following:

[Insert here any covenants of the lessees which may have been agreed on; as with respect to payment of grand jury, making fences, or the like.]

In this lease, whenever the assigns of the said A.B. are mentioned, the term " assigns " shall be construed to include the person or persons for the time being entitled to the reversion of the said premises immediately expectant upon the said term hereby granted.

In witness, &c.

Indorsement.

Received this day of of the sanitary authority of the

rural sanitary district of a counterpart of the within written

indenture duly executed by them under their common seal.

CHAPTER 78.

An Act to re-organize the Educational Endowments of Ireland.

[14th August 1885.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to extend the usefulness of educational endowments in Ireland:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, "by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purposes of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

" Educational endowment " shall mean any property dedicated to charitable uses, and which has been applied or is applicable, in whole or in part, whether by the declared intention of the founder or the consent of the governing body, or by custom or otherwise, to educational purposes:

"Governing body" shall mean the commissioners, managers, governors, board, committee, or trustees of any endowment, or other persons having the administration of the revenues thereof and shall include the Commissioners of Education in Ireland:

" The Lord Lieutenant" shall include the Lords Justices or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being:

" The Lord Lieutenant in Council " shall mean the Lord Lieutenant acting by and with the advice of the Privy Council in Ireland:

" The Commissioners " shall mean the Commissioners appointed under this Act, and " Commissioner " shall mean one of such Commissioners.

2. This Act may be cited as the Educational Endowments (Ireland) Act, 1885.

3. This Act shall, except as herein-after otherwise provided, come into operation on the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, which date is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

1885.

411

Educational Endowments(Irela Act, 1885. Cff. 78.

Commissioners.

4. The Commissioners shall be five in number, of whom two Constitution of (herein-after referred to as the Judicial Commissioners) shall be or ComnU8810n-have been Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland, and three (herein-after referred to as Assistant Commissioners) shall be persons of experience in education.

The Right Honourable Gerald FitzGibbon and the Right Honourable John Naish are hereby constituted the first Judicial Commissioners.

The Judicial Commissioners shall hold office during good behaviour, they shall receive no payment for their services, and shall not be subjected to any personal liability for cost3 or otherwise in respect of anything done or omitted by them as such Commissioners.

Every scheme submitted for the approval of the Lord Lieutenant in Council under this Act shall be signed by both the Judicial Commissioners for the time being under their hands.

It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to appoint the Assistant Commissioners, who shall hold office during his pleasure; and, upon any vacancy occurring by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of a Judicial or Assistant Commissioner, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to supply such vacancy by the appointment of a qualified person. No Assistant Commissioner shall be subjected to any personal liability for costs or otherwise in respect of anything done or omitted by him as such Assistant Commissioner.

The Judicial Commissioners may from time to time, with the approval of the Commissioners of the Treasury, appoint a secretary, and such officers, clerks, and servants as they think fit.

The Judicial Commissioners may from time to time prescribe the duties of the Assistant Commissioners, and of the secretary, officers, clerks, and servants.

The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall provide a suitable office in Dublin in which the business of the Commission may be transacted.

This section shall take effect on the passing of this Act.

5. The Commissioners of the Treasury shall assign such salaries Salaries and as they think fit to the Assistant Commissioners, secretary, officers, expense3, clerks, and servants appointed under this Act, and, except where otherwise provided, the salaries and other expenses incurred under this Act (including the personal and travelling expenses of the Judicial Commissioners, and the travelling expenses of the Assistant Commissioners, secretary, and other officers incurred on the business of the Commission, which shall be paid on scales to be approved by the Treasury), and also any expenses incurred by the Lord Lieutenant in Council under this Act, shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

6. Subject to the provisions herein-after contained, the Com- Powers of missioners shall have power to prepare drafts of schemes for the future government and management of educational endowments, which schemes may provide for altering the conditions and provisions of such endowments, including the powers of investing and

412

41 & 42 Vict. c. 66.

Act not to apply to certain endowments.

Ctf. 78. Educational Endowments (1885.48 & 49 Vict.

from time to time changing the investment of the funds or selling the properties thereof, or amalgamating, combining, or dividing such endowments, or, in the case of endowments applicable for intermediate education, transferring such endowments to the Intermediate Education Board for Ireland, to be applied by them for the purposes of the Intermediate Education (Ireland) Act, 1878, as the Scheme may direct, or (in the case of endowments applicable for elementary education) placing the schools under the inspection of the Commissioners of National Education, as the Scheme may direct, or consolidating or dividing the schools, or removing them to different localities, or authorising the governing bodies of boarding schools to discontinue the boarding departments, or readjusting, extending, or abolishing existing schemes of exhibitions or scholarships, or altering the constitution of the governing bodies, or uniting two or more existing governing bodies, or transferring endowments from one governing body to another, or establishing new governing bodies with such powers as shall seem necessary, and to insert in such schemes clauses incorporating the governing bodies, whether old or new, or vesting endowments in any existing corporate bodies in trust for such governing bodies.

A scheme may authorise any governing body to sell, demise, exchange, or surrender a lease of any land, or to dispose of any other property vested in them, and may give such directions in relation thereto, and for investing the money arising therefrom, as the Commissioners shall think fit.

Sales, demises, and exchanges of land, and the surrender of leases of land, and other dealings with property, authorised by a scheme, shall have the like effect and validity as if they had been authorised by the express terms of the trust affecting the endowment to which they belong.

Endowments subject to Commission.

7. This Act shall not apply —

(1) to any endowment belonging to, or administered by, or in the gift of the university of Dublin, or Trinity college; or

(2) to any endowment solely or mainly applicable or applied for the purposes of theological instruction, or belonging to any theological institution; or

(3) to any endowment which in the discretion of the governing body may be wholly applied to other than educational purposes; or

(4) to any endowment or part of an endowment (as the case may be) given to charitable uses, or to such uses as are referred to in this Act, at any time after the passing of this Act; or

(5) to any endowment consisting of voluntary subscriptions, or accumulations, or investments thereof; or

(6) to any endowment applicable and provided exclusively for the benefit of persons of any particular religious denomination, and which' is under the exclusive control of persons of that denomination,

unless the founder or the governing body of such endowment, or the senate or governing body of such university, respectively, shall

1885. Educational Endowments (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 78. 413

intimate in writing to the Commissioners their consent that such endowment shall be dealt with under this Act

8. Where any part of an endowment is an educational endow- ^fp£j^£nment ment within the meaning of this Act, and part of it is applicable or endowments, applied to other charitable purposes, the scheme shall be in conformity with the following provisions (except so far as the governing body of such endowment assent to the scheme departing therefrom); that is to say,

(1.) The proportion of the endowment or annual income for the time being derived therefrom which is applicable to such other charitable uses shall not be diverted by the scheme from such uses, unless, in the opinion of the Commissioners, —

(a) there are no persons who are entitled to benefit out of such part of the endowment; or

(b) the purposes of such part of the endowment have failed altogether; or

(c) such purposes have become insignificant in comparison with the magnitude of such part of the endowment; or

(d) such purposes have become prejudicial to the public welfare.

(2.) The proportion of the endowment or annual income for the time being so applicable to such other charitable uses shall be deemed to be the proportion which, in the opinion of the Commissioners, is the proportion which has, according to the average of such number of years as the Commissioners shall determine, been appropriated as regards capital, or applied as regards income, to such uses; or if that proportion differs from the proportion which ought to have been so appropriated or applied according to the express directions of the instrument of foundation, or the decree of any competent court, or the statutes or regulations governing such endowment, the proportion applicable to such other charitable uses shall be the proportion which ought, according to the express directions of such instrument, or such decree, or such statutes or regulations, to have been appropriated or applied to such other charitable uses.

(3.) If the proportion applicable to other charitable uses amounts to or exceeds one half of the whole of the endowment, the governing body of such endowment existing at the date of the scheme shall, so far as regards its non-educational purposes, remain unaltered by the scheme.

(4.) Where the governing body remains so unaltered, that body shall pay or apply for educational purposes such proportion as, under the former provisions of this section, is applicable to those purposes, or such less sum as may be fixed by the Commissioners.

(5.) When any portion of the endowment or the annual income of such portion has been accumulated and not applied to any purpose, the Commissioners shall determine whether, and in what proportion, such portion or income is to be considered for the purposes of this section as having been appropriated or applied for educational purposes or for other charitable uses.

414

Application to education of non-educa-tional endowments.

Endowments for apprenticeship fees,

- maintenance, and clothing to be deemed educational.

Vested

interests.

Interests acquired after passing of Act.

Ch. 78. Educational Endou'ments (Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the Commissioners shall have power by any scheme to deal with such endowment and with the governing body thereof, in the same manner in all respects as if the whole of it were an educational endowment.

9. The Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests, or any other governing body having an endowment or fund which is not an educational endowment within the meaning of this Act, if there are no persons who are entitled to benefit out of the endowment, or if the purposes of the endowment have failed altogether, or have become obsolete or useless, or are otherwise sufficiently provided for, or are insignificant in comparison with the magnitude of the endowment, or are, in the opinion of such governing body, not substantially beneficial to the class of persons for whom such endowment was originally intended, or if it has been found impossible, either from the inadequacy of the endowment or the impracticable character of the founders intentions, to carry these intentions into effect, may, if they think fit, intimate in writing to the Commissioners their assent to the endowment being deemed to be, and thereafter such endowment may be dealt with in all respects as if it were, an educational endowment.

The Commissioners, with the consent of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland, " may by any scheme or schemes under this Act confer upon the said Commissioners of Education all or any such further, additional, or amended powers as may appear necessary or expedient for the management and control of the endowments vested in or controlled by the said Commissioners of Education, or for the efficient exercise of the powers of the said Commissioners.

10. For the purposes and subject to the provisions of this Act, endowments for the payment of apprenticeship fees, or for marriage portions, or for the maintenance, nurture, or clothing, or otherwise for the benefit of poor children or young persons, shall be deemed to be and may be dealt with as educational endowments.

Requisites of Schemes.

11. In framing schemes the Commissioners shall save or shall make due compensation for the vested interests of individuals holding any office, place, employment, pension, compensation allowance, bursary, or emolument under or arising out of the educational or other endowment at the date of the passing of this Act, and shall provide that no funds now applied in terms of the founders directions to free elementary education shall be directed to any other purpose, except to the extent to which such funds are manifestly in excess of the requirements for the purpose of free elementary education of the localities to which they belong. " Elementary education" shall mean such education as may be given in the National schools which are aided by grants from the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland.

12. Every interest, right, privilege, or preference which any person may acquire after the passing of this Act in or relative to any educational endowment, or in the governing body thereof, or as member of any such governing body, or in or relative to any office, place, employment, pension, compensation allowance, bursary, or

1885.

415

Edvmtional Endowments (Ireland) Act, 1885. Ch. 78.

emolument in the gift of any such governing body, shall be subject to the provisions of any scheme made under this Act; and the governing body of an educational endowment shall not, during the continuance of the power of making schemes under this Act, begin to build, rebuild, or enlarge any school buildings, or teachers residences, or buildings connected therewith, except with the written consent of the Commissioners, or under the directions of such a scheme; but this provision shall not prevent them from continuing any works begun before the passing of this Act, or from doing anything necessary for the repair or maintenance of buildings or residences existing at the passing of this Act.

13. In framing schemes it shall be the duty of the Commissioners, interests of with respect alike to the constitution of the governing body and to pJ^c"lar1 educational provisions, to have regard to the spirit of founders keptln view, intentions; and in every scheme which abolishes or modifies any privileges or educational advantages to which a particular class

of persons is entitled, whether as inhabitants of a particular area or as belonging to a particular class in life or otherwise, they shall have regard to the educational interests of such class of persons:

Provided always, that where the founder of any educational endowment has expressly provided for the education of children belonging to the poorer classes, either generally, or of a particular class, or within a particular area, or otherwise for their benefit, such endowment for such education, or otherwise for their benefit, shall continue, so far as requisite, to be applied for the benefit of such children.

14. In framing schemes the Commissioners shall provide that in Selection of making a selection from amongst those eligible for the benefits of beneficiarie8-any educational endowment due regard shall be paid to merit as ascertained by examination, or in such other manner as the Commissioners shall determine.

15. In framing schemes provision shall be made, so far as can be Benefits to be equitably arranged and as the circumstances of each particular extended to locality require, for extending to be'th sexes the benefit of endow- gir ments.

10. In every scheme the Commissioners shall provide for the Tenure of dismissal of every officer in the employment of the governing body, of &c and of every teacher and officer in the endowed school or schools to teac er8' c* which the scheme relates, including the principal teacher or teachers, with or without power of appeal in such cases, and to such authority a3 to the Commissioners may seem expedient

17. Every scheme shall provide for the periodical inspection by Inspection and an inspector to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of any school audit-sharing in any endowment, and for the periodical audit by an

auditor of the Local Government Board or other competent authority of the accounts of any endowment dealt with by the scheme; and that the reports of such inspector shall be presented to the Lord Lieutenant The remuneration of an inspector shall be fixed by the Lord Lieutenant, and shall be defrayed by the governing bodies of such endowments as the scheme may provide.

18. In any scheme the Commissioners may provide for the altera- Provision for tion of the scheme from time to time by the Commissioners of tera' Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland upon application schemes.

416

Preliminary

inquiry.

Governing body may lodge draft scheme.

Printing and publication of draft schemes.

Governing body may lodge objections.

As to framing of schemes.

Approval of Lord Lieutenant to schemes.

Ch. 78. Educational Endowments (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

made by the governing body or any party interested, provided such alteration shall not be contrary to anything contained in this Act.

Procedure,

19. Before preparing the draft of a scheme for any endowment or endowments the Commissioners, if they deem it necessary, may make such public examination or inquiry as they think proper, and shall give the governing body or governing bodies an opportunity of being heard.

20. Any governing body or any governing bodies jointly may, within two months after the commencement of this Act, give notice in writing of their intention to submit a draft scheme for the consideration of the Commissioners, and if after such notice they submit such a scheme within four months after the commencement of this Act, the Commissioners shall take it into consideration before preparing their scheme.

21. When the Commissioners have prepared the draft of a scheme, they shall cause it to be printed, and printed copies of it to be sent to the governing body or governing bodies of the endowment or endowments to which it relates, and shall also cause the draft, or a proper abstract thereof, to be published in such manner as they think sufficient for giving information to all persons interested.

22. During two months after the first publication of the draft of a scheme the Commissioners shall receive any objections made to them in writing by any public body or persons interested respecting such scheme, and any amendments proposed thereon; and at any time after the expiration of such two months the Commissioners, if they think fit, may hold, either collectively, or by two or more of their members, a local public inquiry concerning the subject matter of such scheme.

23. As soon as may be after the expiration of the said two months, or the holding of such inquiry by the Commissioners or by two or more of their members, the Judicial Commissioners shall proceed to consider objections made to them in writing respecting the draft scheme, and any amendments proposed thereon, and thereupon they shall, if they think fit, frame a scheme in such form as they think expedient, and submit it for the approval of the Lord Lieutenant in Council; provided that where a scheme has been prepared and submitted in pursuance of this Act to the Commissioners before the Commissioners have prepared the draft of a scheme, the Commissioners shall, if requested by the governing body who submitted it, submit such scheme with their own to the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

24. The Lord Lieutenant in Council, as soon as a scheme is submitted to him, shall, before provisionally approving the same, cause the scheme, or a proper abstract thereof, to be published in such manner as he thinks sufficient for giving information to all persons interested, together with a notice stating that during two months after the first publication of such notice the Lord Lieutenant in Council will receive any objections made to him in writing by any public body or persons interested respecting such scheme.

1885.

417

Educational Endowments (Ireland), 1885. Ch. 78.

After the expiration of the said two months the Lord Lieutenant in Council may, if he thinks fit, provisionally Approve the scheme, or may remit the scheme, with such declaration as the nature of the case seems to him to require, to the Commissioners, and if he remits the scheme with a declaration the provisions contained in the immediately succeeding section shall apply.

The Lord Lieutenant in Council, as soon as he provisionally approves a scheme, shall forthwith, in such manner as he thinks sufficient for giving information to all persons interested, publish a notice that the scheme has been provisionally approved by him, and that, unless within two months after the first publication of such notice a petition is presented to him as in this section mentioned, such scheme may be finally approved by an Order in Council without being laid before Parliament.

During the said two months a petition praying that the scheme may be laid before Parliament may be presented to the Lord Lieutenant in Council by the governing body of the endowment to which the scheme relates, or by the town council or town commissioners of any town or district directly affected by the scheme, or by any ratepayers (not less than twenty) of any poor law union or place directly affected by the scheme, or by any person or persons having a vested interest in the endowment or any part of it.

25. Where a scheme is remitted with a declaration, the Lord Proceedings Lieutenant in Council shall transmit to the Commissioners any J remitted.1"6 objections made to him in writing respecting such scheme, and the Judicial Commissioners may thereupon proceed to prepare an amended scheme, and may submit the same for the approval of the Lord Lieutenant in Council in the same manner and subject to the same provisions as are in this Act provided in the case of the approval of a scheme, and so on from time to time as often as occasion may require.

26. The majority of members of a governing body who are Quorum of present at a meeting of their body duly constituted shall have body1"8 power to do anything that may be required to be done by a governing body for the purposes of this Act: Provided that this

power shall be in addition to and not in restraint of any power which any meeting of such governing body may have independently of this Act.

27. If, at the expiration of the time for a petition to the Lord Scheme to be

Lieutenant in Council praying that a scheme be laid before Parlia- b7

ment, no such petition has been presented, it shall be lawful for Counti*" the Lord Lieutenant by Order in Council to declare his approbation

of such scheme without the same being laid before Parliament.

If any such petition has been presented, the Lord Lieutenant When to be shall, as soon as may be, cause the scheme to be laid before both ferfSSS Houses of Parliament; and after it has lain two months before Parliament, then, unless within such two months a resolution has been adopted by one or other of the said Houses disapproving of such scheme or any part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant by Order in Council to declare his approbation of such scheme, or any part thereof to which such resolution does not relate.

A scheme, when approved by the Lord Lieutenant in Council, shall have fall operation and effect from the date of such Order in

Dd 2

418

Amendment of schemes.

Validity of scheme.

Inquiry by Commissioner or Commissioners.

Power to summon witnesses, &c.

oost of publishing scheme, &c.

Service of notices.

Ch. 78. Educational Endowments (Ireland) Act, 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

Council, in the same manner as if it had been enacted in this Act; and thereupon every Act of Parliament, letters patent, statute, deed, instrument, trust, or direction relating to the subject matter of the scheme, so far as inconsistent with the provisions thereof, shall be repealed and abrogated.

28. Schemes may be from time to time framed and approved for amending any scheme approved under this Act, and all the provisions of this Act relative to an original scheme shall apply also to an amending scheme, mutatis mutandis.

29. The Order in Council approving a scheme shall be conclusive evidence that such scheme was within the scope of and made in conformity with this Act, and the validity of such scheme and Order shall not be questioned in any legal proceedings whatever.

30. Where the Commissioners, or any of them, hold a local public inquiry under this Act, they or he shall for that purpose hold a sitting or sittings in some convenient place in the neighbourhood of the place where the endowment or endowments to which the scheme relates is situate or administered, and shall thereat take and receive any evidence, oral or documentary, offered, or which may have been called for or produced under the powers contained in the immediately succeeding section, and shall hear and inquire into any objections respecting the scheme or the endowment or endowments, with power from time to time to adjourn any sitting.

Notice shall be published, in such manner as the Commissioners 'direct, of every such sitting (except an adjourned sitting) fourteen days at least before the holding thereof.

31. In the execution of this Act the Commissioners shall have the same powers as a judge of the High Court of Justice with regard to the summoning and examination of witnesses, and the discovery and inspection of documents; and it shall not be necessary that any summons or order shall be signed by more than one Commissioner; and if any summons or order of the Commissioners in exercise of the said powers is not obeyed, a judge of the High Court of Justice may, on summary application by the Commissioners, make such order as might he made in case of disobedience to a summons or order of the High Court.

This section shall authorise the summoning and examination of witnesses and the discovery and inspection of documents before the* Commissioners or any of them, and any Commissioner may administer an oath or affirmation, as the case may be, to any witness.

32. The cost incurred by or under the direction of the Commissioners in publishing and circulating any draft scheme, or scheme, or any abstract thereof, under this Act, other than cost of any publication in the Dublin Gazette made by order of the Lord Lieutenant in Council or of the Commissioners, shall be paid out of the funds of the endowment or endowments to which the same relates.

Miscellaneous.

33. Notices and documents required to be served on or sent to a governing body for the purposes of this Act may be served or sent by being left at the office, if any, of such governing body, or being

1885.

419

Educational Endowments (Ire, 1885. Ch. 78. served on or sent to the chairman, secretary, clerk, or other officer of such body, or if there be no office, chairman, secretary, clerk, or other officer, or none known to the Commissioners after reasonable inquiry, by being served on or sent to the principal teacher of the endowed school, if any, under such governing body.

34. Notices and documents required to be served or sent for the Service by purposes of this Act may be served or sent by post, and shall be P081-deemed to have been served and received at the time when the

letter containing the same would be delivered in the ordinary course of the post; and in proving such service or sending it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter containing the notices or documents was properly addressed and put into the post office.

35. The Commissioners shall in every year make to the Lord Annual Lieutenant a report of their proceedings under this Act during report6, the preceding year, and the Lord Lieutenant shall cause such report to be laid, with all convenient speed, before both Houses of Parliament

36. Every governing body shall make such reports and returns, Returns, &c. and give to the Commissioners such information as to the funds, by governing estates, property, and income under the control of the governing °°

body, as the Commissioners may from time to time require.

Every governing body shall make such reports and returns, and give such information to the Lord Lieutenant or otherwise, as he may from time to time require, or as any scheme framed under this Act may direct.

37. If the governing body of any educational endowment fail Provision for to give effect to the provisions of any scheme approved under this default of Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or for the Com- body11* missioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland, upon

the application of the town council or governing body of any town directly affected by such scheme or provisional order, or of any ratepayers (not less than twenty) of any poor law union or place directly affected thereby, or of any person or persons having a vested interest in the endowment, or any part of it, or upon the report of any inspector appointed under this Act, to send a requisition to the governing body of such endowment requiring them to give effect to the provisions of the scheme; and the governing body shall comply with the said requisition without undue delay, and if they fail, may be summarily compelled to do so by the High Court on application by or at the instance of the Attorney General.

38. The powers of making and approving of a scheme under this Duration of Act shall not, unless continued by Parliament, be exercised after the P of thirty-first of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty- schemes, eight: Provided that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant in Council, if special cause is shown, to extend the time limited by

this section with reference to any endowments specified by the Lord Lieutenant. Upon the expiration of the said powers the office of the Commissioners, and of their secretary, officers, and clerks, shall cease; and no Assistant Commissioner, secretary, officer, or clerk, appointed under this Act, shall, by reason of such appointment, be entitled to any compensation, superannuation, or other allowance in respect of his office.

420

Ch. 79.

Crown Lands, 1885.

48 & 49 Vict.

CHAPTER 79.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown.

[14th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Crown Lands Act, 1885.

Each of the Acts mentioned in the first schedule to this Act is in this Act referred to and may for all purposes be cited by the short title in that behalf in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

2. In this Act the expression "Commissioners of Woods" means Commissioners the Commissioners for the time being of Her Majesty's Woods, of Woods. Forests, and Land Revenues, and those Commissioners may be

referred to in any Act deed or document, by the name Commissioners of Woods.

Short titles of Acts.

Definition of

Extension of duration of lease to foreshore comprised in oyster or mussel fishery order. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45.

10 Geo. 4. c. 50. 8. 22.

Amendment of 10 Geo. 4. c. 50.

as to sale to copyhold tenant for

Amendment of General Acts.

3. Whereas under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, and the Acts amending the same, orders can be made for the establishment improvement maintenance and regulation of oyster and mussel fisheries on the sea shore as therein defined, subject to the limitation that a right of several fishery or of regulating a fishery shall not exceed sixty years:

And whereas it is expedient to extend the power of the Commissioners of Woods under the Crown Lands Act, 1829, and of the Board of Trade, to grant a lease of such portion of the said sea shore as is under their management respectively, so that the lease may be granted for the same term as that specified in the fishery order: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

Where an order under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, and the Acts amending the same, has been made for an oyster and mussel fishery as defined by that Act on part of the sea shore within the meaning of that Act, and such part of that sea shore or any portion thereof is under the management of the Commissioners of Woods or of the Board of Trade, those Commissioners or the Board of Trade, as the case may be, may grant a lease of so much of the said sea shore as is under their management respectively, for a period not exceeding the duration of the rights conferred by the order, and not exceeding sixty years. Any lease of sea shore which may have been granted for a longer term than thirty-one years by the Board of Trade before the passing of this Act in respect of a fishery comprised in an order made under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, and the Acts amending the same, shall be valid as if it had been granted under the powers of this Act.

4. Whenever in pursuance of the Crown Lands Act, 1829, and the Acts amending the same, the freehold of any copyhold or customary tenement, parcel of or holden of any manor belonging to the Crown, or any manorial right, parcel of any manor belonging to the Crown over or in relation to any land, is sold by the Com-

421

1885. Crown Lands Act, 1885. Ch. 79.

missioners of Woods to the tenant thereof (whether there has been any conditional surrender or not); the right of any person in to or out of such copyhold or customary tenement or the land subject to such manorial right under any will settlement mortgage or otherwise shall continue to attach upon such tenement or land, in the same manner as if the freehold had been comprised in and had been devised conveyed charged or otherwise disposed of, by the will settlement mortgage or other instrument or disposition, under which such person claims.

The purchaser in any such case may mortgage the fee simple of such tenement or land to secure the payment of the purchase money and the costs of the purchase and interest thereon to the person advancing the same his executors administrators and assigns, and such mortgage may be made although the purchaser himself advances the money, and such mortgage shall have priority over all mortgages charges and incumbrances whatsoever affecting such land (except tithe commutation rent charge, and any charges or rent charges which either before or after such mortgage are charged upon the same land for the drainage thereof by virtue of any Act of Parliament), and that notwithstanding the actual priority in point of date or anterior title of such mortgages charges and incumbrances; but any such previous mortgage, charge, and incumbrance shall continue notwithstanding the mortgage under this section: Provided that no such charge shall have priority over any mortgage charge or incumbrance which at the time of the passing of this Act may affect the lands enfranchised, without the consent of the Land Commissioners for England.

5. For the purpose of removing doubts it is hereby declared that where the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury have in pursuance of section five of the Crown Lands Act, 1851, or otherwise, either before or after the passing of this Act, assigned to one of the Commissioners of Woods the management or direction of or in relation to any separate part of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues under the management of such Commissioners, any duties or powers under this Act or under any Act passed either before or after the passing of this Act which should or might be performed or exercised in relation to such separate part shall be performed and may be exercised by the Commissioner to whom the said management or direction is for the time being so assigned.

Olebe at Rhyl.

6. Whereas section forty-five of the Crown Lands Act, 1829, authorised, among other things, the grant of any ground proper for the site of a church or chapel or for the residence of a spiritual person who may serve such church or chapel, or for the site of any parochial or district school, to an amount not exceeding five acres, and such grant was to be made by a warrant in manner provided by the said Act:

And whereas in pursuance of the said section by a warrant dated the twenty-ninth day of December one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six two pieces of land situate in the township of Rhyl in the parish of Rhuddlan in the county of Flint and containing five acres

purpose of enfranchisement. See

15 & 16 Vict. c. 51. s. 46.

See

21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. s. 33.

Amendment of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 42. s. 5. as to the exercise of powers by the Commissioners.

Amendment of conditions of grant of Crown land to vicar of Rhyl under 10 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 45.

422

48 & 49 Vict.

Ch. 79. Crown Lands, 1885.

or thereabouts, and delineated on a plan signed by one of the Commissioners of Woods and deposited in the Office of Land Revenues, Records, and Enrolments, and therein coloured the one red and yellow, and the other green, were granted for the purpose of erecting a church or chapel of ease, and a residence for the spiritual person to serve such church, subject to the condition that if the same ceased to be used for the purpose aforesaid the land should revert to the Crown:

And whereas the church was built on the land coloured red in the said plan, and a residence for the said spiritual person was erected close by the church but not on the piece of land containing four acres and one rood and coloured green on the said plan, and that land has since been enjoyed by the said spiritual person (now styled the vicar of Rhyl) as glebe, and doubts have arisen whether the land so granted has not under the terms of the said grant reverted to the Crown:

And whereas the vicar of Rhyl has with the consent of the bishop and patron of the benefice agreed with the managers of the Rhyl National School to grant without consideration the portion of the land coloured yellow on the said plan, and doubts have arisen as to the title of the vicar to grant such land:

And whereas it is expedient to remove the doubts aforesaid: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

On and after the passing of this Act the piece of land coloured green on the said plan shall vest in the vicar of Rhyl as part of the glebe belonging to the benefice of such vicar, and shall be subject to the law relating to glebes accordingly.

On and after the passing of this Act the portion of the land coloured yellow on the said plan shall vest in the persons in whom the Rhyl National School is at the passing of this Act vested, subject to the terms of the agreement made with the vicar of Rhyl, in like manner as if the land had been duly conveyed by the owner thereof in fee simple to those persons, as part of the Rhyl 83 & 84 Vict. National School in pursuance of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, and the Acts amending or referred to in the same.

Sunk Island.

7. Whereas, under the provisions of an Act of the session held in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of Her present Majesty's reign, chapter forty-five (in this Act referred to as the Sunk Island Roads Act, 1852), the roads situated in the parishes of Sunk Island, Ottringham, and Patrington (all in the east riding of the county of York), and more particularly described in the Second Schedule to this Act, have been made or improved and maintained as turnpike roads under the management of the Commissioners of Woods and other persons appointed by the said Commissioners to act with them as trustees for the execution of the said Act.

And whereas it is expedient to put an end to the management and maintenance of the said roads by such trustees, and to the levying of tolls thereon, and to provide for the management and maintenance of the said roads by the inhabitants of the parishes within which they are respectively situate:

Repeal in part and amendment of 15 & 16 Vict. c. 45.

(Sunk Island Roads, &c.)

1885.

423

Crown Lands Act, 1885. Ch. 79.

And whereas the said Act authorised certain tonnage rates or dues to be taken in respect of vessels using Her Majesty's quays and wharves at Stone Creek in Sunk Island aforesaid, and it is expedient to provide for their application as part of the general land revenues of the Crown:

Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

(1.) On and after the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, the Sunk Island Roads Act, 1852, shall be repealed, with the exception of sections twelve to fifteen (both included), and of sections eighteen and nineteen, and without prejudice to anything done or suffered under the said Act before that day or to any proceeding or cause of proceeding then pending or existing.

(2.) The trustees for |the execution of the said Act shall after payment and satisfaction of their debts and liabilities, and after payment of compensation to their clerk subject to the provisions of section seven of the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1868, pay any moneys remaining in their hands to the surveyor of highways of the parish of Sunk Island, to be by him applied in and towards the repair and maintenance of those highways.

(3.) On and after the said first day of October one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five the several roads or portions of roads described in the Second Schedule to this Act shall become highways repairable by the inhabitants of the several parishes within which they are respectively situate, and shall be managed and maintained accordingly. Provided that each such road or portion shall be a main road within the meaning of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, and one half of the expenses incurred by the highway authority in the maintenance thereof shall, in conformity with and subject to the provisions of the last-mentioned Act, be repaid to the highway authority by the county authority.

(4.) On and after the said first day of October one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, all sums received by the Commissioners of Woods in respect of vessels using or remaining at Her Majesty's quays, wharves, landing places, or works at Stone Creek or otherwise under the unrepealed portion of the Sunk Island Roads Act, 1852, shall be from time to time earned to and dealt with as part of the income of the general land revenues of the Crown; but any balance of such sums received before and being on the said first day of October in the hands of the treasurer or collector appointed by the trustees for the execution of the said Act shall be applied as part of the funds of the said trustees.

Newborough Endowment.

8. Whereas there is now standing in the names of the Commissioners of Woods and of the Lord Bishop of Peterborough, in the books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, a sum of eight thousand three hundred and thirty-three pounds six shillings and eightpence three per cent, consolidated bank annuities, which sum is, under the provisions of the Act 11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. 4. c. 59., to be by them held in trust to pay the dividends arising therefrom to the officiating minister of the parish church of Newborough, in the county of Northampton:

31 & 82 Vict. c. 99.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77.

Transfer of certain funds from Commissioners of Woods to Ecclesiastical Commissioners for endowment of minister of Newborough.

424

Ch. 79. Crovm Lands, 1885. 48 & 49 V'ict.

And whereas it is expedient that the said sum of consolidated bank annuities be transferred to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, who have signified their willingness to administer the trusts of the same:

Be it therefore enacted that the Commissioners of Woods may at any time after the passing of this Act transfer the said sum of eight thousand three hundred and thirty-three pounds six shillings and eightpence three per cent, consolidated bank annuities to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, to be by them held and administered upon and subject to the same trusts as the said sum was held and administered immediately before the passing of this Act; and this section shall be sufficient authority for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to cause to be made such transfer in their books on the written request of the Commissioners of Woods or any one of them.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Long Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 50. An Act to consolidate and amend the laws relating to the management and improvement of His Majesty's woods, forests, parks, and chases; of the land revenue of the Crown within the survey of the Exchequer in England; and of the [land revenue of the Crown in Ireland; and for extending certain provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney. The Crown Lands Act, 1829.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42. - An Act to make better provision for the management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and for the direction of public works and buildings. The Crown Lands Act, 1851.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Description of Roads.

A turnpike road from the road between Patrington Haven and the town of Patrington to the North Channel Bridge or Clough, in the parishes of Patrington and Sunk Island, in the East Riding of the county of York or one of them.

Another turnpike road from the north side of Patrington reservoir or drain in the said parish of Patrington to the first-mentioned turnpike road.

Another turnpike road from the north side of the said North Channel Bridge through the said parish of Sunk Island to the road next hereinafter mentioned.

425

1885. Grown Lands, 1885. Ch. 79, 80.

Another turnpike road from the church in the said parish of Sunk Island through the said parish and the parish of Ottringham to the turnpike rood leading from Kingston-upon-Hull through Hedon to Patrington.

And another turnpike road from the said church in the parish of Sunk Island to the harbour called Stone Creek in the said parish.

CHAPTER 80.

An Act for enabling Allowances to be made to the Officers of Poor Law Unions in Ireland, on abolition of Office.

[14th August 1885.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Union Officers (Ireland) Act, 1885.

2. (a.) The board of guardians of any union in Ireland may Allowances on grant to any person retiring or removed from the service of the of

union by reason of the abolition of his office, to whom a superannua- ° ce* tion allowance might be granted under the Act of the session of the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-six, or any Act amending the same, such annual allowance by way of compensation for loss of office as they might have granted to that person if he were retiring from his office by reason of permanent infirmity of mind or body.

Such allowance shall be granted in the same manner and subject to the same conditions, and shall be payable out of the same funds, as if it were a superannuation allowance granted in accordance with the provisions of the said Acts.

(b.) In the case of the abolition of an office arising from the dissolution or alteration of a union, the board of guardians of the union in which the officer is employed may grant such annual allowance, subject to such conditions as aforesaid, at any meeting held during the month previous to the dissolution or alteration taking effect, provided that not less than six clear days notice of such meeting shall have been given to each member of the board instead of the notice prescribed by the said Acts.

The provisions of section two of the Act of the session of the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and four, shall apply to any allowance granted under this section.

3. In case any person enjoying any superannuation allowance Cesser of under this Act is appointed to be a union officer in any union, every allowance, such allowance shall cease to be paid so long as he continues to hold such appointment, if the annual amount of the profits of the office to which he is appointed are equal to those of the office formerly held by him, and in case they are not equal to those of his former office, then no more of such superannuation allowance

426

Not to affect right to retiring annuity.

£h. 80.. Union Officers (Ireland), 1885. 48 & 49 Vict.

shall be paid him than with the salary of his new appointment shall be equal to that of his former office.

4. Nothing contained in this Act shall lessen or prejudice the right or title, if any, of any officer of a union whose office shall have been abolished or rendered unnecessary by reason of the alteration or dissolution of the union to such retiring annuity or compensation as he would have been entitled to under any prior existing statute if this Act had not been passed.

APPENDIX AND INDEX.

CONTENTS.

1. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.

2. List of the Local and Private Acts, arranged in Classes.

3. Tables showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation.

4. Index to the Public General Statutes.

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Cha/racter.

P. l AN Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Bolton and Honiton, the Improvement Act Districts of Mansfield and Milford, and the Borough of Stockton.

P. ii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Corwen, Dolbenmaen, Ewenny, Gwyddelwem, Llanfihangel-y-Pennant, Llangar, Llanharan, Llanilid, Mathern, Penmorfa, Saint Bride's Major, Saint Pierre and Runstone, and Yspytty Ystwith; and to the Township of Lower Gwnnws.

iii. An Act to confer further Powers on the Eastern and Midlands Railway Company.

P. iv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863, and the Acts amending the same, relating to the Upper Morning Star Drainage District, county Limerick, and the Cashen River Drainage District, county Kerry.

P. v. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Aller, Barrington, Berecrocombe, Camerton, Curry Mallet, Curry Rivall, Drayton, Dunkerton, Eamshill, Fivehead, High Ham, Huish Episcopi, Isle Abbots, Isle Brewers, Kingsbury Episcopi, Kingsdon, Long Sutton, North and Mid Littleton, Pitney, Puckington, Somerton, South Littleton, and Swell.

P. vi. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Ashcot, Bridgewater, Cannington, Chedzoy, Chilton Trinity, Durleigh, Etchingham (two), Fiddington, Goathurst, Grointon, Hawkhurst (two), Huntspill, Lyng, Middlezoy, Mountfield, Nether Stowey, North Petherton, Othery, Otterhampton, Overstowey, Sandhurst, Shapwick, Stockland Bristol, Wembdon, Weston Zoyland, and Woollavington; and to the Hamlet of Edstock and Beer.

P. vii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes

430

Table of the Statutes. 48 & 49

of Bidborough, Bridgewater, Chilton Trinity, Compton Greenfield, Durleigh, Henbury, Middlezoy, North Petherton, Tonbridge, Wembdon, and Weston Zoyland.

P. viii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Escombe and Newton Solney; to the Townships of Barton-under-Needwood, Bearwardcote, Bishop Auckland, Burton-Extra, Burton-upon-Trent, Castle Gresley, Chester-le-Street, Church Gresley, Counden, Counden Grange, Dunstall, Edmondsley, Etwall, Hominglow, Lanchester, Pollard's Lands, Tatenhill, and Urpeth; and to the Chapelries of Bradley alias Bretby, and Tanfield.

P. ix. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parish of Cardeston; and to the Townships of Alberbury, Bauseley, Cwm Rheidol, and Llanbadarn-y-Croyddin Upper.

P. x. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Dun-shaughlin and Manorhamilton Unions, and to the Town of Trim.

P. xi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Accrington and Church Outfall Sewerage District, the Improvement Act District of Cambridge, the Local Government District of Ely, the Improvement Act Districts of Leek, and Middleton-and-Tonge, and the Local Government Districts of Toxteth Park and Wimbledon.

P. xii. An Act to confirm an Order made by the Board of Trade under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Poole.

xiii. An Act to enable the Runcorn Gas Company to raise additional capital; to construct new works; and for other purposes.

xiv. An Act for the abandonment of the Railway authorised by the Skipton and Kettle well Railway Act 1880.

xv. An Act to enable the Magistrates and Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Glasgow, acting as the Police Commissioners, to borrow further Money; and for other purposes.

xvi. An Act to incorporate a Company for establishing and holding Markets and Fairs for Horses and Cattle at or near Newark in the County of Nottingham; and for other purposes.

xvii. An Act for enabling the Trustees of Port Glasgow Harbour to borrow additional Money; and for other purposes.

xviii. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to William Wallace Auld for Improvements in the Preparation and Combination of Animal Substances for Use as Food.

irix. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Blackburn to abandon the Construction of the Dunsop Compensation Reservoir and to extend the time for the Construction of authorised Waterworks and for other purposes.

tt, An Act for extending the Limits of Supply of the Rickmansworth Waterworks Company to change the Name of the Company and for other purposes.

xxi. An Act for the abandonment of the Tilbury and Gravesend Tunnel Junction Railway.

xxii. An Act to confer further Poweis on the Ashton-under-Lyne Staly bridge and Dukinfield (District) Waterworks Joint Committee.

Local Acts.

1884-5.

431

TTiii. An Act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to raise farther Capital and for other purposes.

xxiv. An Act to extend the Powers of the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of Oxford with respect to their supply of Water and for other purposes.

xxv. An Act to authorise the East and West India Dock Company to raise by capital stock or to borrow on mortgage, or by redeemable debenture stock, the moneys which they are authorised to raise by their Act of 1882, and which have not yet been raised.

xxvi. An Act for empowering the North Metropolitan Tramways Company to construct new Tramways along Clerkenwell Road; and for other purposes.

XXVII. An Act for the abandonment of the Extension Railway authorised by the Waterford Dungarvan and Lismore Railway (Extension) Act 1878 and for other purposes.

xxviii. An Act to extend the District of the Caterham Spring Water Company to change their Name to authorise the Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

P. xxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Dundalk, Mallow, and Trim Unions.

P. XXX. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council in Ireland relating to the Mitchelstown and Fermoy Light Railway.

P. ttyi. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Great Ryburgh, Kirk Sandall, Saint Giles, Saint Peter, Sawtry All Saints, Sawtry Saint Andrew, Stainton-with-Hellaby, Stibbard, and Wad-worth; and to the Townships of Long Sandall and Stancil-with-Wellingley-and-Wilsick.

P. xxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Ballymahon, Carrick-on-Shannon, Enniscorthy, Gorey, Kanturk, Longford, Wexford, and Youghal Unions.

xxxiii. An Act to enable the Liverpool Grain Storage and Transit Company Limited to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes.

xxxiv. An Act for amending and explaining the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Central Argentine Railway Company Limited; for extending its powers; and for other purposes.

xxxv. An Act to sanction and confirm the construction by the Fulwood Local Board of the Horns Dam Reservoir and other Works in the Township of Goosnargh-with-Newsham and in the Township of Haighton; to authorise the Local Board to acquire certain Properties; to take Land for Sewage purposes; to increase the number of Members of the Local Board: to borrow further Money; to authorise the Local Board to purchase by agreement a portion of the undertaking of the Preston Tramways Company; and for other purposes.

xxxvi. An Act for confirming and giving effect to an agreement between the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Public Works and Buildings and the Albert Palace Association, Limited, and for other purposes.

xxxvii. An Act to extend and enlarge the Powers of the Liverpool and Birkenhead Subway Company; and for other purposes.

xxxviii. An Act to authorise the Elham Valley Light Railway Company to improve their authorised Railway and for other purposes.

xxxix. An Act to extend the Powers of the North Cornwall Railway Company.

432 Table of the Statutes. 48 & 49 Vict.

xl. An Act for extending the Municipal and Police Boundaries of the Burgh of Airdrie and for other purposes, xli. An Act for erecting Coatbridge, in the county of Lanark, into a Burgh;

and for other purposes.

-g-lii. An Act to enable the Maidstone Waterworks Company to construct additional Works and raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

xliti. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Oswestry to make and maintain additional Waterworks; to make other provisions in relation to their Waterwork Undertaking; to borrow Money; and for the revision of the Market Tolls; and for other purposes,

xliv. An Act to empower the Dore and Ghinley Railway Company to make a new Railway to deviate part of their authorised Railway and to raise further Capital and for other purposes,

xlv. An Act to confer further Powers on the East London Railway Company and for other purposes.

xlvi. An Act to provide for the purchase by the Corporation of the city of Lincoln of the Undertaking of the Lincoln Gaslight and Coke Company and for other purposes.

xlvii. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth entitled "An Act for the Management " and Direction of the Hospital founded by Joseph Barrington and his Sons in the City of Limerick." xlviii. An Act to authorise an extension of time to the Llangammarch and Neath and Brecon Junction Railway Company for purchasing Land and completing their Railway and for other purposes, xlix. An Act to extend the time for the Purchase of Lands and for the Completion of certain Works authorised by the London River-side Fish Market Act 1882 and for other purposes.

1. An Act for extending the Limits of Supply of Water of the Woking Water and Gas Company and for authorising that Company to raise further Moneys and for other purposes,

li. An Act to authorise and facilitate the Erection of a Cathedral Church for the Diocese of Liverpool on the site of Saint John's Church in the parish of Liverpool, and to make other provisions relative thereto; to provide for the foundation of a Dean and Chapter of Liverpool; and for other purposes, lii. An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to acquire a Site for the High School for Girls to be established in the City of London under the Will of the late William Ward and for other purposes.

liii. An Act to empower the Southport and Cheshire Lines Extension Railway Company to raise further Money; to confirm Agreements with reference to the working of their Railway by the Cheshire Lines Committee; and for other purposes.

liv. An Act for authorising the Construction of Railways in the Isle of Axholme in the county of Lincoln to be called the Isle of Axholme Railway and for other purposes.

P. lv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Dovor Gas, Grays Gas, Middlewich Gas, Rickmansworth Gas, and Shelley and Shepley Gas.

P. lvi. An Act to confirm the Provisional Order for the Regulation of Ashdown Forest, situate in the parishes of East Grinstead, Hartfield, Withyham, Buxted, Maresfield, and Fletching, in the county of Sussex, in pursuance of a report of the Land Commissioners for England.

1884-5.

Local Acts.

433

P. ivii. An Act to confirm the Provisional Order for the Regulation of Drumburgh Common and Moss, situate in the township of Drumburgh, in the parish of Bowness, in the county of Cumberland, in pursuance of a Report of the Land Commissioners for England.

P. iviii. An Act to confirm the Provisional Order for the Inclosure of Llanybyther Common, situate in the parish of Llanybyther, in the county of Carmarthen, in pursuance of a Report of the Land Commissioners for England.

P. Ht. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, and the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to the Local Government Districts of East Dereham, Ellesmere, and Haverhill.

P. lx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Bandon, Ennis, and New Ross Unions.

P.lxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland concerning Mallow and Midleton.

P. ixii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Special Drainage District of Brackley, the District of Bromsgrove, the Boroughs of Darlington and Stafford, the Local Government Districts of Ulverston, Warminster, and West Ham, and the Borough of Wigan.

P. lxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863, and the Acts amending the same, relating to the Ballyteigue and Kilmore Drainage District, in the County of Wexford.

P. lxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Chelmsford Gas, Great Grimsby Gas, Clacton-on-Sea Gas and Water, and Cwm Avon Gas and Water.

P. lxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Barton-upon-Humber and District Water, Chiltern Hills Spring Water, Great Berkhampstead Water, Herts and Essex Water, and Holyhead Water.

P. lxvL An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Bradford and Shelf Tramways, Cardiff District and Penarth Harbour Tramways (Extensions), Cardiff Tramways (Extensions), Shipley Tramways, Tynemouth and District Tramways, and Worcester Tramways.

lxvii. An Act to confer further Powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company, lxviii. An Act for granting further Powers to the Canada North-West Land Company.

lxix. An Act to confer further Powers on the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Longton. lxx. An Act to make provision with reference to the Arrears of Dividend on the Guaranteed Preference Shares in the Capital of the Northern Railway of Buenos Ayres Company Limited and for other purposes. linci. An Act for the abandonment of the Railway authorised by the Charing Cross and Waterloo Electric Railway Act 1882 and for other purposes.

lxxii. An Act for extending the time for completing certain of the Tramways of the Manchester Bury Rochdale and Oldham Steam Tramways Company. lxxiii. An Act for extending the Municipal and Police Boundaries of the burgh of Ayr; for authorising the widening and improvement of existing Streets,

434 Table of the Statutes. 48 & 49 Vict.

the construction of additional Waterworks, and the extension of the limits of Water Supply; and for other purposes, lxxiv. An Act to empower the Owners of Columbia Market to make certain Railways and acquire certain lands for the convenience of the Market and for other purposes.

lxxv. An Act to confer further Powers on the Ballymena and Lame Railway Company.

lxxvi. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their Undertaking and for other purposes. lXXVII. An Act for incorporating the Guiseley Yeadon and Rawdon Railway Company and for other purposes, lxxviii. An Act to extend the Powers of the Latimer Road and Acton Railway Company.

lxxix. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Railways authorised by the Cathcart District Railway Act, 1880. lxxx. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Brentford and District Tramways Company, lxxxi. An Act to extend the Powers of the Didcot Newbury and Southampton Railway Company and for other purposes, lxxxii. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company and to extend the time for the compulsory Purchase of Land for and for the completion of certain of their authorised works and for other purposes.

Iwinmi. An Act to confer upon the Lydd Railway Company further Powers with reference to their own undertaking and for other purposes.

lxxxiv. An Act to authorise the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company to construct new Railways and other works and to confer further Powers upon that Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes.

1XXXV. An Act for authorising the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway* Company to purchase additional Lands to extend the period limited by the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Act 1382 for the purchase of certain Lands and for other purposes, lxxxvi. An Act to confer further Powers on the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company with respect to their own and other undertakings and with respect to their Boats. To authorise the abandonment of their authorised Junction with the Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway and for other purposes, lxxxvii. An Act to grant further Powers to the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway Company to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to contribute to the undertaking of that Company and for other purposes. lXXXVIii. An Act for conferring further Powers upon the London and Northwestern Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and other Undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and also for conferring Powers upon the Great Western Railway Company the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company the Furness Railway Company and the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company in relation to such other Undertakings for vesting in the London and North-western Railway Company the Undertaking of the Lancaster Canal Navigation Company and for enabling the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes, lxxxix. An Act to empower the Metropolitan Railway Company to make a Branch from their authorised Aylesbury and Rickmansworth Railway to

. 1884-5.

Local Acts.

435

Chesham and to purchase additional lands to extend the time for the completion of their Aylesbury and Rickmansworth Railway to make further arrangements with reference to the Capital of the Company and for other purposes. XC. An Act to confer additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the Construction- of Works and the Acquisition of Lands; for raising further Capital and for the Consolidation of the various Classes of their Shares and Stocks: and for amalgamating with their undertaking the undertaking of the Bedford and Northampton Railway Company: and for other purposes. XCi. An Act to empower the Corporation of Hartlepool to construct a Sea Wall for protecting the Headland of Hartlepool in the County of Durham from the inroads of the Sea and for other purposes, xcii. An Act to extend the Powers of the Plymouth Devonport and Southwestern Junction Railway Company, xciii. An Act to authorise the Great Eastern Railway Company to widen and improve parts of their existing Railways in the Counties of Essex Middlesex Cambridge and Suffolk and to execute other works and to confer upon them other powers in relation to their undertaking; and for other purposes.

xciv. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own Undertaking and Undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes.

xcv. An Act for making further provision respecting certain Street Improvements in the City of Liverpool; and respecting the alteration of the Boundaries of the City Wards; and for other purposes.

xcvi. An Act for incorporating the Bexhill Water and Gas Company and conferring Powers on them with reference to the Construction of Works the Supply of Water and Gas; and for other purposes.

xcvii. An Act for incorporating the Hailsham Water Company and for conferring Powers upon them with reference to the Construction of Works the Supply of Water and for other purposes.

P. xcviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Cootehill, Kildare, and Thurles.

P. xcix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the improvement of an unhealthy area situated at Deptford within the Metropolis.

P. c. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the improvement of an unhealthy area situated at Newington within the Metropolis.

P. ci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Atherstone Union, the Local Government District of Festiniog, the Rural Sanitary District of the Leyburn Union, the Borough of Newport (Monmouthshire), the Local Government District of Rawden, and the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Tadcaster and Wangford Unions.

P. cii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made bj' the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Dudley and Kingswinford Tramways, JLlwynpiod (Carmarthen) Tramways, Paisley Tramways, and Salford Corporation Tramways.

P. ciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Birmingham and Western Districts Tramways, Birmingham Central Tramways (Extension), and Birmingham Corporation Tramways.

436 Table of the Statutes. 48 & 49 Vict.

P. civ. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 18U1, relating to Cattewater, Dingle, Lee-on-the-Solent, North Sunderland, Plymouth, Saint Leonards, Saint Monance, and Southbourne.

P. cv. An Act to confirm an Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1883, relating to the Town and Port of Seaford.

P. cvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Bangor, the Local Government Districts of Blaenavon and Brynmawr, the Borough of Burnley, the Local Government District of Great Driffield, the Boroughs of Haverfordwest and Leeds, the Improvement Act District of Leek, the Borough of Pwllheli, and the Local Government District of Widnes.

P. cvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Batley, the Improvement Act District of Bournemouth, the Borough of Evesham, the City of Manchester, the Local Government District of Worthing, and the Ystradyfodwg and Pontypridd Main Sewerage District.

P. cviii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amend(td and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Astwood, Emberton, Gay hurst, Hardmead, Lathbury, Lavendon, North Crawley, Ravenstone, and Saint Mary and Saint Chad, Stafford; to the Hamlet of Warrington; and to the Township of Hopton and Coton.

P. cix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Mullingar Union.

P. OX. An Act to render valid certain Marriages at Saint John, Cowley.

rori. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands for, and for the completion of, the Railways authorised by the Church Fenton, Cawood and Wistow Railway Act, 1879, the Church Fenton, Cawood and Wistow Railway Act, 1882, and the Selby and Mid-Yorkshire Union Railway Act, 1883; and for other purposes.

cxii. An Act to dissolve the Lower Thames Valley Main Sewerage Board and to provide for the constitution of new United Districts for the disposal of the sewage of the Lower Thames Valley Main Sewerage District and for other purposes.

cxiii. An Act to extend the time limited for the completion of the Limehouse Subway.

cxiv. An Act to authorise the widening and improvement of parts of the London and Blackwall Railway and the raising of additional Capital; and for other purposes.

cxv. An Act to authorise the London Street Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways and in connexion therewith to improve certain Streets and for other purposes.

OXVi. An Act for repealing certain Acts relating to the Church and disused Burial Ground of Saint James's Bermondsey in the County of Surrey and for vesting the said Church and Burial Ground in new Trustees for the Abolition of Easter Dues or Offerings and for other purposes.

cxvii. An Act for the Settlement of disputed Claims arising out of certain fictitious Bonds of the Corporation of Bootle-cum-Linacre and for other purposes.

1884-5.

Local Acts.

437

cxviii. An Act for authorising the London and South-Western Railway Company to construct additional works and to purchase additional lands; for extending the time limited for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of certain works; and for other purposes.

cxix. An Act to authorise the North British Railway Company to make several Railways in connexion with their Undertaking to extend the time for purchase of lands and completion of works to purchase additional lands to amalgamate with the Company the Undertakings of the Edinburgh Suburban and Southside Junction and Kelvin Valley Railway Companies to consolidate certain Stocks with the consolidated lien Stock of the Company to amend the Company's Acts in various particulars and for other purposes.

cxx. An Act to empower the Local Board for the district of Northwich in the County of Chester to make Waterworks and to supply Water and for other purposes.

cxxi. An Act for authorising the construction of a Railway in Lancashire to be called the St. Helens and Wigan Junction Railway and for other purposes.

cxxii. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of Southport for the Improvement of that Borough for the creation of Corporation Stock and for other purposes.

cxxiii. An Act to authorise the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh and City of Aberdeen to construct additional Waterworks; and for other purposes.

cxxiv. An Act for enabling the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York to construct and maintain additional Waterworks; to effect public improvements; to make provision for the better protection of public health; and for other purposes.

cxxv. An Act to incorporate the Trustees of the Town Port and Harbour of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland to extend their powers to authorise additional Waterworks and Harbour Works and for other purposes.

cxxvi. An Act to extend the Boundaries of the City of Manchester and for other purposes.

P. cxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the burgh and parish of North Berwick.

P. cxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government Districts of Barking Town, Brentford, and Ealing (two), the Hartlepool Joint Hospital, the Local Government District of Oldbury, the Rural Sanitary District of the Penzance Union, the Borough of Swansea, and the Local Government District of Swinton.

P. cxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Boards for Birmingham, Bradford (Yorks), Cardiff, Derby, and Llanwonno to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

P. cxxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Drumcondra, Clonliffe, and Glasnevin Township, and to Waterworks in the Town of Cavan.

cxxxi. An Act to authorise the Guardians of the Mullingar Union to construct Waterworks and obtain Water Supply for the Town and Manor of Mullingar in the County of Westmeath and for other purposes.

cxxxii. An Act to authorise the Skegness Chapel St. Leonards and Alford Tramways Company to abandon portions of the Tramway authorised by the

438

48 & 49 Vict.

Table of the Statutes.

Skegness Chapel St. Leonards and Alford Tramways Act 1883 to extend the time limited by that Act for the purchase of lands and completion of works to authorise the construction of new Tramways and for other purposes.

cxxxiii. An Act for transferring the Undertaking of the Harrow Waterworks Company to the Colne Valley Water Company and for other purposes.

cxxxiv. An Act to empower the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways Company to improve their Railway by extending it to Carnarvon Harbour and by constructing other Railways and works and for other purposes.

cxxxv. An Act to empower the Coleraine Harbour Commissioners to make certain short Railways and further to improve the Navigation of the River Bann and for other purposes.

cxxxvi. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Glasgow Corporation Waterworks to obtain an additional supply of Water; to construct additional Waterworks and other Works; and for other purposes.

cxxxvii. An Act for authorising the South-eastern Railway Company to execute various works and conferring on them further powers in respect of their own undertaking and of the undertakings of other Companies and for other purposes.

cxxxviii. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Regent's Canal City and Docks Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cxxxix. An Act for empowering the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company to make a Railway from their Alexandra Dock to their Newport Dock and other works and for other purposes.

cxl. An Act to confer further Powers on the Glyn Valley Tramway Company; and for other purposes.

cxli. An Act to enable the Barry Dock and Railways Company to construct a new Railway and for other purposes.

cxlii. An Act to enable the Local Board for the District of Hebburn in the County of Durham to make and maintain a Quay and Landing-place at Hebburn and for other purposes.

cxliii. An Act to authorise the Stratford-upon-Avon Towcester and Midland Junction Railway Company to divert a portion of their authorised Railway; and for other purposes.

cxliv. An Act to enable the North London Railway Company to widen their Railway near Columbia Market, Bethnal Green; and for other purposes.

cxlv. An Act to authorise the Liverpool United Tramways and Omnibus Company to raise Additional Capital and to confer further Powers upon them with reference to other Tramways in the Neighbourhood of Liverpool and for

. other purposes.

cxlvi. An Act to extend the Municipal Boundary of the Borough of Buiy to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Bury with respect to their Gas and Water Undertakings and to make further provision for the good government of the Borough to authorise the creation of Corporation Stock and for other purposes.

cxlvii. An Act for conferring further Powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in connexion with their own and other Undertakings, and upon them and other Companies in connexion with Undertakings in which they are jointly interested; for 'authorising and confirming Agreements between the Great Western Railway Company and other Companies; and for other purposes.

cxlviii. An Act to transfer the Undertaking of the Stalybridge Gas Company to the Corporations of Stalybridge and Mossley and for other purposes.

439

1884-5. Local Acts,

cxlix. An Act to authorise the Wirral Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Chester to Connah's Quay Railway of the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company and for other purposes.

cl. An Act for making a Railway from Wrexham in the county of Denbigh to Ellesmere in the county of Salop; and for other purposes.

cli. An Act to confer further Powers on the Rathmines and Rathgar Improvement Commissioners to make further provision respecting the borrowing of money by them and the good government of their District and for other purposes.

P. clii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the Village of Renton.

cliii. An Act for the Abandonment of the Bawtry and Trent Railway and Dock.

cliv. An Act for the making and maintaining of the Lynton Railway and for other purposes.

civ. An Act for extending the time for completing the Works for improving the Outfall of the River Witham in the County of Lincoln authorised by the River Witham Outfall Improvement Act 1880.

clvi. An Act to authorise the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Glasgow to construct additional Tramways; and for other purposes.

clvii. An Act to empower the Taff* Vale Railway Company to construct new Railways and to acquire additional Lands and to raise further Capital and for other purposes.

clviii. An Act to provide further means for protecting and draining the Fourth District of the Witham Drainage and other Lands in the County of Lincoln by improving Steeping River and for other purposes relating to the Witham

t Drainage.

clix. An Act for authorising the Horsforth Waterworks Company to construct additional Works and to purchase additional Lands and to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

clx. An Act to revive and extend the Powers of the Greenwich and Millwall Subway Company and for other purposes.

clxi. An Act for the Abandonment of the Ballyclare Ligoniel and Belfast Junction Railway and for other purposes.

clxii. An Act for the Abandonment of the Belfast Strandtown and High Holywood Railway and for other purposes.

clxiii. An Act for the Abandonment of the Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway.

clxiv. An Act to extend the Boundaries of the City and County of the City of Worcester and to empower the Corporation to create and issue Consolidated Stock and for other purposes.

clxv. An Act to make further and better Provision for the Improvement Health and Good Government of the Borough of Eastbourne to provide for the Issue of Corporation Stock and for other purposes.

clxvi. An Act to enable the Giant's Causeway Portrush and Bush Valley Railway and Tramways Company to abandon part of their authorised Railway and to construct a new Railway instead thereof; to confer further Powers upon that Company for completing the remainder of their authorised Undertaking; to authorise the abandonment of the Glenariff Railway and Pier; and for other purposes.

clxvii. An Act to confer Powers on the Metropolitan Board of Works with respect to the making of a new Street in the parishes of St. Andrew Holborn and of St. James and St. John Clerkenwell, the establishing and regulating of a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, the providing of Recreation Grounds for the public, and for other purposes.

48 & 49 VICT.

440 Table of the Statutes.

clxviii. An Act for the Abandonment of certain Railways authorised by the Belfast Central Railway (New Lines &c.) Act 1880 and the Belfast Central Railway Act 1884 and for other purposes.

clxix. An Act to provide for building a new Bridge over the River Ribble from Preston to Penwortham in the County Palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes.

clxx. An Act to enable the Corporation of Southampton to obtain a further supply of Water; to create Corporation Stock; and for other purposes.

clxxi. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull to construct a new Bridge over the River Hull with Approaches thereto; to make a new Street and improvements of Streets; and for other purposes.

clxxii. An Act for conferring further Powers with reference to the Reformatories and Industrial Schools in Aberdeen.

clxxiii. An Act for altering the constitution and enlarging the powers of the Trustees of the Cart Navigation; for enabling them to deepen and improve the Navigation, to levy new Rates, and to borrow additional Money; for sanctioning a Guarantee Rate upon the Owners and Occupiers of lands and heritages in Paisley; and for other purposes.

clxxiv. An Act for the funding consolidation and capitalisation of certain debts liabilities and engagements of the Evesham Redditch and Stratford-upon-Avon Junction Railway Company by the creation and issue of new Debenture Stock in lieu thereof and for other purposes.

clxxv. An Act to incorporate a Company for the Construction of Railways between Cardiff and Penarth and Cadoxton-juxta-Barry and other places; and for other purposes.

clxxvi. An Act to confer further Powers on the Didcot Newbury and Southampton Railway Company.

clxxvii. An Act to authorise the Sale of the existing undertaking of the Belfast Central Railway Company to the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland).

clxxviii. An Act to authorise the Rhymney Railway Company to make a new Railway and other works in the County of Glamorgan; and for other purposes.

clxxix. An Act for extending the Municipal and Police Boundaries of the City of Edinburgh, including the Royal Burgh thereof over Blackford Hill, for purification of the Braid or Figgate Bum by interception of the sewage from the Jordan or Powbum, and conveyance of the same to the sea, and other purposes.

clxxx. An Act to extend the Boundary of the Borough of Mossley; to make further provision for the Improvement and good Government of the Borough; and for other purposes.

clxxxi. An Act for incorporating the Scarborough Bridlington and West Riding Junction Railways Company and empowering them to make and maintain Railways in the North and East Ridings of the County of York and for other purposes.

Olxxxii. An Act for incorporating the Weston-super-Mare Clevedon and Portis-head Tramways Company and empowering them to construct Tramways and other works in the County of Somerset and for other purposes.

clxxxiii. An Act for making further provision with respect to the Improvement and Government of the Borough of Sunderland and the issue of Corporation Stock by the Corporation of the Borough; and for other purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act to authorise the Sale and Transfer of the Portpatrick Railway and the Wigtownshire Railway to the London and North-western, the Midland,

1884 — 5. Local Acts. 441

the Caledonian, and the Glasgow and South-western Railway Companies jointly; and for other purposes.

clxxxv. An Act for incorporating a Board of Drainage Commissioners with powers to drain and improve certain lands in the Parishes Townships and places of Selby Brayton Thorpe Willoughby Hambleton Wistow Scalm Park Cawood Sherburn Lennerton Rest Park South Milford Barkston Monkfryston Lumby Church-Fenton Little Fenton Biggin Ulleskelf and Ryther in the West Riding of the County of York.

clxxxvl An Act to confer further Powers on the Neath Water Company.

clxxxvii. An Act for incorporating the East Usk Railway Company and for other purposes.

clxxxviii. An Act to authorise the construction of a Ship Canal to Manchester; and for other purposes.

P. clxxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

P. OXC. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Dublin Corporation Waterworks, and to the Dublin Corporation Waterworks and Fire Brigade Provisional Order, 1874.

cxci. An Act to enable the Local Board of Otley in the West Riding of the County of York to make additional Waterworks to establish and regulate Markets and for other purposes.

cxcii. An Act for incorporating the Shanklin and Chale Railway Company and for other purposes.

cxciii. An Act to authorise the construction of Tramways from Ballymena to Ahoghill in the County of Antrim; and for other purposes.

cxciv. An Act to enable the Colne Valley and Halstead Railway Company to reconstitute the Board of Directors to refer the affairs in that Company to Arbitration to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

cxcv. An Act to empower the Corporation of London to construct a Bridge over the River Thames near the Tower of London with Approaches thereto and for other purposes.

cxcvi. An Act to confer additional Powers on the Corporation of Hastings with respect to the Management and Improvement of the Borough.

cxcvii. An Act for making Tramways in the County of Lancaster to be called the Manchester Middleton and District Tramways and for other purposes.

cxcviii. An Act to authorise the Mersey Railway Company to make Branch Railways in Liverpool and Birkenhead and for other purposes.

cxcix. An Act to authorise the Peckham and East Dulwich Tramways Company to construct new Tramways in the County of Surrey and for other purposes.

cc. An Act for making Railways from Worcester to Broom and for other purposes.

442

Table of the Statutes.

48 k 49 VICT.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. An Act to naturalize His Royal Highness Prince Henry Maurice of Battenberg and to grant and confer on him all the rights privileges and capacities of a natural born subject of Her Majesty the Queen.

2. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Leeds Coloured Cloth Hall to sell the same and to regulate the application of the purchase money; and for other purposes.

3. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Earl De La Warr's Settled Estates to raise money on the security of the Estates comprised in a Settlement of the 30th day of January 1877 and to apply the money for the furtherance of building on the Bexhill Estate in the County of Sussex comprised in such Settlement and to grant options of purchase of parts of the Bexhill Estate; and for other purposes.

4. An Act to facilitate Sales of Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Lawrence Hesketh Lord Haldon at Torquay and elsewhere, and to raise money for payment of the charges on his Life Estate in such Estates and for the repair and improvement of such Estates, and for vesting in Trustees certain Policies of Assurance on the life of Lord Haldon, and for other purposes.

5. An Act for carrying into effect the division of certain hereditaments known as the Towneley Estate in the Counties of Lancaster and York the Estate in the Forest of Bowland in the same counties and the Stella and Stanley Estates in the county of Durham and for other purposes.

6. An Act to confirm certain Powers contained in the Charter of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital commonly called " The Foundling Hospital."

7. An Act for giving further Powers to the Leasing Authority and General Trustees of the Ramsden Estate Act 1867; and for varying in some respects the provisions of that Act; and for other purposes.

[Partial table of local acts removed.]

455

TABLES

SHOWING

THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION.

Table A. — Acts of 48 & 49 Vict. (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on former Acts.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 48 & 49 Vict.

(A.)

Acts of 48 & 49 Vict. (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on

former Acts.

Ch.

1. Additional Income Tax [U.K.]

Grants duties of Income Tax, in addition to those granted by 47 & 48 Vict. c. 2 5., Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884.

2. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) (Sees. 2) (2, 049,0002.) [U.K.]

3. Representation op the People [U.K.]

Defines household and lodger qualification and other franchises, and applies enactments relating thereto (s. 7).

Amends and extends 31 & 32 Vict. c. 48., Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868.

Defines Representation of the People Acts and Registration Acts.

Defines and applies Rating Acts.

Construes Act as one with Representation of the People Acts.

Repeals (with savings) the following enactments: —

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 45. s. 20 in part, and s. 27, Representation of the People in England and Wales.

2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 65. ss. 9 and 11 in part, Representation of the People in Scotland. 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. ss. 1 and 5, Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. s. 6, Representation of the People Act, 1867.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 48. s. 6, Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 49. s. 3, Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868.

Repeals 17 & 18 Vict. c. 91. s. 2 in part, Valuation of Lands and Heritages (Scotland)., 31 & 32 Vict. c. 48. s. 15, Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868.

4. Yorkshire Registries Act (1884) Amendment [E.]

Amends 8. 43 of 47 & 48 Vict. c. 54., Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

5. Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, Amendment [I.]

Amends Part II. of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 43., Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

6. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) (12, 934, 8342. 5s. 7 [U.K.]

7. Cape op Good Hope (Advance) [U.K.]

Authorises temporary advance of 400,0002. to Cape Government for making a railway. Applies and extends 29 & 30 Vict. c. 25., Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 2., Treasury Bills Act, 1877.

8. Army (Annual) [U.K.]

Continues, and amends, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881.

456

Effect of Legislation. 48 & 49 Vict.

Table A. — Acts of 48 & 49 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c.

Ch.

9. Municipal Votebs Relief [U.K.]

Extends 41 & 42 Vict. c. 3., House Occupiers Disqualification Removal Act, 1878.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 5., House Occupiers Disqualification Removal (Scotland) Act,

1878.

Applies 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

, 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Ballot Act, 1872.

10. Elections (Hours op Poll) [U.K.]

Extends the Honrs of Polling at Parliamentary and Municipal Elections.

Repeals (upon Act coming into operation) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 4., Parliamentary Elections (Metropolis) Act, 1878, and 47 & 48 Vict. c. 34., Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1884. Act comes into operation at the end of this present Parliament.

11. Egyptian Loan [U.K.]

Enables Her Majesty to guarantee annuity of 315,000Z. for loan to be raised by the Egyptian Government.

12. Constabulary (Ireland) Redistribution [I.]

Repeals s. 3 in part of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 83., Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870.

Substitutes power of distribution conferred on Lord Lieutenant by this Act for that in s. 3 of 20 & 21 Vict. c. 17., Constabulary Force (Ireland).

13. Highway Act Amendment [E., part of.]

Amends 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50., Highway Act, 1835.

Act only extends to the counties of Wilts, Dorset, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall.

14. Consolidated Fund (No. 3) (13, 315, 334Z.) [U.K.]

15. Registration [E.]

Repeals 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 45. s. 78, Representation of the People (England and Wales).

«, 6 Vict. c. 18. s. 40 and Schedule A., Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843.

t> 28 & 29 Vict. c. 36. ss. 4, 5, 12, and Schedule A., County Voters Registration Act, 1865.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. s. 30 in part, Representation of the People Act, 1867.

, 31 & 32 Vict. c. 58. ss. 17 and 19, Parliamentary Electors Registration Act,

1868.

Amends, and applies, 4^7 Vict c. 18.^ } Parliamentary Registration Acts.

Applies 30 & 31 Vict. c. 102., Representation of the People Act, 1867.

, 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Ballot Act, 1872.

, 36 & 37 Vict. c. 70., Revising Barristers Act, 1873.

, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

16. Registration Amendment (Scotland) [S.]

Repeals 24 & 25 Vict. c. 83. s. 4 in part, and s. 5, County Voters Registration (Scotland) Act, 1861.

, 31 & 32 Victrc. 48. s. 16 in part, Representation of the People (Scotland) Act,

1868.

, 16 & 17 Vict. c. 28. s. 2 in part, County Elections Polls (Scotland).

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 80. s. 10, Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1867.

Applies s. 7 of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 91., Valuation of Lands, &c. (Scotland).

17. Parliamentary Registration (Ireland) [I.]

Re-enacts, with amendments, certain enactments (as shown in the Second Schedule) contained in 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. (Ballot Act, 1872) and in 36 & 37 Vict. c. 2. (Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873).

Amends, and applies, 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69., Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) Act, 1850.

, 48 & 49 Vict. c. 3., Representation of the People Act, 1884.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 102., Representation of the People Act, 1867.

Applies Parliamentary Registration Aots.

18. Metropolitan Streets [E.]

Amends 30 & 31 Vict. c. 134., Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867.

19. Industrial Schools (Ireland) [I.]

Incorporates certain clauses (as to borrowing money) of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16., Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

1884-5. Effect of Legislation,

Table A. — Acts of 48 & 49 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

457

Ch.

20. Barristers Admission (Ireland) [I.]

Amends the law relating to the admission of barristers in Ireland.

21. Burial Boards (Contested Elections) [E.]

Amends the law with respect to contested elections of burial boards.

22. Public Health and Local Government Conferences [E. A I.] Applies 38 A39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

23. Redistribution of Seats [U.K.]

Repeals the following enactments respecting corrupt practices: —

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. as. 13, 14, 15, and 16, Representation of the People Act, 1867. 33 & 34 Vict. c. 21. ss. 2, 3, 4, and 5, Bridgwater and Beverley Disfranchisement. 33 & 34 Vict. c. 25., Norwich Voters Disfranchisement.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 38. ss. 2, 3, and 4, Sligo and Cashel Disfranchisement.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 54., Dublin City Voters Disfranchisement.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 77., Norwich Voters Disfranchisement.

Amends 6 & 7 Vict. c. 18., Registration of Voters.

, 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69., Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

, 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Ballot Act, 1872.

, 48 & 49 Vict. c. 3., Representation of the People Act, 1884.

Applies 2 A 3 Will. 4. c. 45., Representation of the People (England and Wales).

, 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108., Municipal Corporations (Ireland).

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51., Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

, Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts.

Disfranchises the boroughs of Macclesfield and Sandwich.

24. Princess Beatrice's Annuity [U.K.]

Enables Her Majesty to grant an annuity of 6,000l. to Princess Beatrice.

25. East India Unclaimed Stock.

[U.K.]

Amends 42 & 43 Vict. c. ccvi. East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879.

, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 53., East Indian Railway (Redemption of Annuities) Act, 1881.

26. Yorkshire Registries [E.]

Amends 47 & 48 Vict. c. 54., Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

27. Friendly Societies [U.K.]

Declares the true meaning of s. 22 of 38 & 39 Vict. c. 60., Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

28. East India. Loan (10,000,000 I.)[U.K.]

Applies 8. 4 of 5 A 6 Will. 4. c. 64., Stamps and Assessed Taxes.

29. Honorary Freedom of Boroughs [E.]

Applies 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

30. Local Loans Sinking Funds [E.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 83., Local Loans Act, 1875.

31. Ecclesiastical Commissioners [E.]

Amends 3^4 Yfat*C' J. Ecclesiastical Commissioners Acts, 1840 and 1873.

32. Tithe Rentcharge Redemption

Amends 6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 71.,

99 1 Vict. c. 69.,

99 1 & 2 Vict. c. 64.,

tt 2 & 3 Vict. c. 62.,

ft 3 & 4 Vict. c. 15.,

99 5 & 6 Vict. c. 54.,

99 9 & 10 Vict. c s. 73.,

99 10 & 11 Vict. c. 104.

99 23 & 24 Vict. c. 93.,

99 36 & 37 Vict. c. 42.,

99 41 & 42 Vict. c. 42.,

[E.]

>Redemption of Tithe Rentcharge.

33. Metropolis Management [E.]

Amends 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Ac., Metropolis Management Acts.

458

Effect of Legislation. 48 & 49 Vict.

Tabic A. — Acts of 48 & 49 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

34. Water Rate Definition [U.K.]

Declares and explains s. 68 of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 17., Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, and repeals such of the provisions of that Act as are inconsistent with this Act.

35. Public Health (Ships, Ac.) [E.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875, in relation to ships and port sanitary authorities.

36. Artillery and Rifle Ranges [U.K.]

Amends and applies 26 & 27 Vict c. 65., Volunteer Act, 1863.

Applies Lands Clauses Acts.

37. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance [E.]

Continues certain Turnpike Acts, and repeals certain other Turnpike Acts, as set forth in Schedules 1 to 4, and in sections 5 to 7.

38. School Boards [E.]

Amends and applies 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

, 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75., Elementary Education Act, 1870.

Construes Act, so far as relates to school boards on tho incorporation of a municipal borough, with Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and, so far as regards the divisions of the metropolis, with Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873.

39. Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) [I.]

Enables sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the ereotion of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

40. Polehampton Estates [E.]

Applies 16 & 17 Vict. c. 137., Charitable Trusts Act, 1853.

41. Shannon [I.]

Incorporates Lands Clauses Acts (8 & 9 Vict. c. 18, Ac.).

, certain provisions of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. (Commissioners Clauses Act,

1847) and of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 27. (Harbours, &c. Act, 1847).

Applies 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

42. Greenwich Hospital [U.K.]

Repeals 33 & 34 Vict. c. 100., Greenwich Hospital Act, 1870.

Amends 28 & 29 Vict. c. 89., 1

, 35 & 36 Vict. c. 67., > Greenwich Hospital Acts.

, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 32., J

" 30 & 31 Vict! c.‘ loo!'} Knights of Windsor Acts-

43. National Debt [U.K.]

Suspends c ertain pay men ts on annuities.

Applies 46 & 47 Vict. c. 54., National Debt Act, 1883.

44. Exchequer and Treasury Bills (4,000,000l.) [U.K.]

Applies 29 & 30 Vict. c. 25., Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 2., Treasury Bills Act, 1877.

45. Post Office (Sites) [E.]

Incorporates Lands Clauses Acts (8 & 9 Vict. c. 18., Ac.).

Exempts buildings to be erected under Act from operation of 18 & 19 Vict. c. 122., Metropolitan Buildings Act, 1855.

46. Medical Relief Disqualification Removal [U.K.]

Prevents medical relief disqualifying a person from voting.

47. Bankruptcy (Office Accommodation) [E.]

48. Earldom of Mar Restitution [S.]

49. Submarine Telegraphs [U.K., Ac.]

Extends 25 & 26 Vict. c. 63., Merchant Shipping Act, 1862.

, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 22., Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

Incorporates Part X. of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 104., Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

* Sections 10 and 12 of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1869 (32 & 33 Vict. c. 44.), are repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act, 1883 (46 & 47 Vict. c. 39.).

1884-5. Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 48 & 49 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

459

Ch.

50. Metropolitan Board op Works (Money) [E.]

Amends 47 & 48 Vict. c. 50., Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884. Construes Act with Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to 1871, and Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1884.

Applies Main Drainage Acts.

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 27., Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883.

Empowers Board to expend moneys for purposes described in First Schedule.

51. Customs and Inland Revenue [U.K.]

Customs:

Continues Import Duties on Tea (6d. the pound).

Excise:

Amends 43 & 44 Vict. c. 20., Inland Revenue Ac1, 1880.

Extends the term "beer" in the above Act and in Excise Licence Acts.

Repeals (with proviso) the following enactments

56 Geo. 3. c. 58., Prohibiting a liquor prepared from sugar for colouring Porter.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 129. s. 4, Spirit Duties.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 22. s. 20, Customs and Inland Revenue.

27 A28 Vict. c. 12. s. 12, Warehousing of British Spirits.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 98. s. 12, British Compounded Spirits.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 12. s. 16, Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 72. s. 4, Revenue, Friendly Societies, and National Debt Act, 1882.

Stamps:

Grants duty on property of corporate and unincorporate bodies.

Income Tax:

Grants duties of Income Tax, and applies former Acts.

Amends 5 & 6 Vict. c. 35., Property Tax.

, 5 & 8 Vict. c. 80., Assessed Taxes.

, 16 & 17 Vict. c. 34., Income Tax.

, 24 & 25 Vict. c. 91., Inland Revenue.

52. Lunacy Acts Amendment [E.]

Amends 16 & 17 Vict. c. 97. (Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853), &c.

53. Public Health (Members and Officers) [E.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

54. Pluralities Acts Amendment [E.]

Amends, and construes Act with, 1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. and 13 & 14 Vict. c. 98., Benefices in Plurality.

55. Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, Amendment [E.]

Amends s. 34 of the above Act (3 & 4 Vict. c. 113).

56. Parliamentary Elections Corrupt Practices [U.K.]

Amends the law as to leave of absence to employes to record their votes.

57. Revising Barristers [E.]

Removes doubts as to appointment of Revising Barristers.

Construes Act with 6 & 7 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Voters Registration Act, 1843.

58. Telegraphs [U.K., Ac.]

Amends 26 & 27 Vict. c. 112., ~)

, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 3., I

, 31 & 32 Vict. c. 110., i

, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 73., (

33 & 34 Vict. c. 88., |, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 76; , J

Telegraph Acts.

460

Effect of Legislation. 48 & 49 Vict,

Table A. — Acts of 48 & 49 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

59. Expiring Laws Continuance [U.K.]

Continues (as specified in Schedule) the following Acts, and any unrepealed enactments amending the same; vis.: —

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27., Linen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland).

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89., Poor Rates (Stock in Trade Exemption).

4 & 5 Vict. 80., Survey of Great Britain.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35., Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commissioners (now Land Commissioners).

4 & 5 Vict c. 59., Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

10 & II Vict. c. 98., Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

11 & 12 Vict c. 32., County Cess (Ireland).

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104., Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management.

17 & 18 Vict c. 102., Corrupt Practices Prevention.

23 & 24 Vict c. 19., Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland).

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109., Salmon Fishery (England).

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105., Promissory Notes.

27 & 28 Vict c. 20., Promissory Notes, &c. (Ireland).

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46., Militia Ballots Suspension.

28 & 29 Vict c. 83., Locomotives on Roads.

29 & 80 Vict. c. 52., Prosecution Expenses.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125., Parliamentary Elections.

32 & 88 Vict c. 21., Election Commissioners Expenses.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56., Endowed Schools (Schemes).

84 & 85 Vict c. 87., Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

35 & 86 Vict c. 33., Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot).

86 & 37 Vict c. 48., Regulation of Railways.

88 & 89 Vict. c. 48., Ponce Expenses.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 34., Returning Officers Expenses.

89 & 40 Vict. c. 21., Juries (Ireland).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41., Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72., Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland).

48 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Elections.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 35., Diseases Prevention, Metropolis.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51., Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention.

60. Federal Council of Australasia [C.]

61. Secretary for Scotland [S.]

Authorises Her Majesty to appoint a Secretary for Scotland and Vice-President of the Scotch Education Department.

62. Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) [U.K.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict c. 84., Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 41., Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers Expenses)

(Scotland) Act, 1878.

Construes Act, so far as regards England and Ireland, with the first-recited Act, and, so far as regards Scotland, with the second-recited Act

63. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks [U.K.]

Amends 46 & 47 Vict. c. 57., Patents, &c. Act, 1883.

64. Appropriation [U.K.]

65. Public Works Loans [U.K.]

Appoints Public Works Loan Commissioners for five years.

Grants 3,000,000l. for Public Works Loans, and 1, 500,000l. for Public Works Loans in Ireland.

Grants 100,000l. to Irish Land Commission under 44 & 45 Vict. c. 49., Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, and under 46 & 47 Vict. c. 43., Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

Applies 38 & 39 Vict. c. 89-. J.pablic Works Loans Acts, 1875 and 1879.

" 40 & 41 Vict. c. 27., Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877.

Makes provision as to certain Loans.

66. Registration Appeals (Ireland) [I.]

67. Indian Army Pension Deficiency [U.K.]

Provides for the dischargo of the liability of the Consolidated Fund in respect of certain Indian Army Pensions.

1884-5. Effect of Legidation.

Table A. — Acts of 48 A49 Vict. (in order of Chapter), Ac.-^continued.

461

Ch.

68. Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation [E.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 28., Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1875.

69. Criminal Law Amendment [U.K.]

Repeals 24 A25 Vict. c. 100. 8. 49, and s. 52 in part, Offences against the Person.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 94., Offences against the Person.

Applies 25 & 26 Vict. c. 18., Whipping of Juvenile and other Offenders.

, Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

, 25 Geo. 2. c. 36., Disorderly Houses, &c.

, 22 & 23 Vict. c. 17., Vexatious Indictments.

, 24 & 25 Vict. c. 100., Offences against the Person.

70. Sea Fisheries (Scotland) [S.]

Amends (so far as it applies to Scottish Sea Fisheries), and construes Act with, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 22., Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

, 48 Geo. 3. c. 110., Fishery (Scotland).

Applies Sea Fishery Acts.

Transfers to Fishery Board certain powers of Board of Trade.

71. County Officers and Courts (Ireland) [L]

Amends 40 A41 Vict. c. 56., County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877.

Artizans Dwellings Acts, 1868 to 1882.

Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882.

72. Housing of the Working Classes [U.K.]

Amends 14 & 15 Vict. c. 34.,)

, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 28., > Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 28., J

, 31 & 32 Vict. c. 130.,

, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 64.,

, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 54. (Part II.), .

38 & 39 Vict. c. 36.,

42 & 43 Vict. c. 63.,

, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 54. (Part I.),

, and applies 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 88., Settled Land Act, 1882.

, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 44., Labouring Classes Lodging Houses and Dwellings

(Ireland) Act, 1866.

, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 60., Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883.

, and applies 38 & 39 Vict. c. 49., Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1875.

Applies 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90., Sanitary Act, 1866.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

, 80 & 31 Vict. n. 101., Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867.

Construes Act as set forth in s. 14.

73. Purchase of Land (Ireland) HE.]

Amends and applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 49., Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881.

, , 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38., Settled Land Act, 1882.

Incorporates certain sections of 21 & 22 Vict. c. 72., Landed Estates Court Act. Applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41., Conveyancing, &c. Act, 1881.

74. Evidence by Commission [U.K.]

Amends and applies 22 Vict. c. 20., Evidence by Commission Act, 1859.

75. Prevention of Crimes [E. A S.]

Amends 34 & 35 Vict. c. 112., Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871.

76. Thames Preservation [E.]

Amends and applies 46 & 47 Vict. c. lxxix., Thames Act, 1883.

Recites in Schedule I. the Acts relating to the Thames.

77. Labourers (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 46 & 47 Vict. c. 60., Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883.

Applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 49., Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881.

, Lands Clauses Acts.

, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 154., Landlord and Tenant Law Amendment Act (Ireland), 1860.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

78. Educational Endowments (Ireland) [I.]

Provides for the re-organization of the educational endowments of Ireland.

462 Effect of Legislation. 48 49 Vict.

Table A. — Acta of 48 & 49 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

79. Chown Lands [U.K.]

Amends 10 }. Crown Lands Acts, 1829 and 1851.

, 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45., Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

, 15 & 16 Vict. c. 45., Sunk Island Roads Act, 1852.

Applies 31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 99., Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1868.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77., Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878.

80. Union Officers (Ireland) [L]

Amends 28 & 29 Vict 29 Vict. c. 26., Union Officers Superannuation (Ireland).

Applies 12 & 13 Vict. c. 104., Poor Relief (Ireland).

(B.)

Acts of former Sessions (in Chronological Order) Repealed and Amended

by Acts of 48 & 49 Vict.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 48 & 49 Vict.

48 Geo. 3. c. 110. Fishery (Scotland) Amended - 70

56 Geo. 3. c. 58. Prohibiting a liquor prepared from sugar for colouring Porter. Repealed - 51

10 Geo. 4. c. 50. Grown Lands Act, 1829 - Amended - 79

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 45. s. 20 in part, s. 27, and s. 78. Representation of the People (England and Wales). Repealed - 3 and 15

, c. 65. ss. 9 and 11 in part. Representation of the People (Scotland). Repealed - 3

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50. - Highway Act, 1835 Tithe Rentcharge Redemption - Amended - 13

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 71. - Amended - 32

1 Vict. c. 69. - Tithe Rentcharge Redemption - Amended - 32

1 & 2 Vict. c. 64. Tithe Rentcharge Redemption - Amended - 32

, c. 106. - Benefices in Plurality - Amended - 54 .

2 & 3 Vict. c. 62. Tithe Rentcharge Redemption - Amended - 32

3 & 4 Vict. c. 15. Tithe Rentcharge Redemption -Ecclesiastical Commissioners - Amended - 32

, c. 113. - Amended - 31 and 55

5 & 6 Vict. c. 35. Property Tax - Amended - 51

, c. 54. Tithe Rentcharge Redemption - Amended - 32

, c. 80. - Assessed Taxes - Amended - 51

6 Vict. c. 18. s. 40 and Sched. A. Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843. Repealed - 15

6 & 7 Vict. c. 18. Registration of Voters -Tithe Rentcharge Redemption - Amended - 23

9 & 10 Vict. c. 73. Amended - 32

10 & 11 Vict. c. 104. - Tithe Rentcharge Redemption -Parliamentary voters (Ireland) -Benefices in Plurality Amended - 32

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. - Amended - 3, 17, 23

, c. 98. - Amended - 54

14 & 15 Vict. c. 34., &c. Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Acts, 1851 to 1867. Amended - 72

, c. 42. - Crown Lands Act, 1851 - Amended - 79

15 & 16 Vict. c. 45. - Sunk Island Roads Amended - 79

16 & 17 Vict. c. 28. s. 2 in part. County Elections Polls (Scotland) Repealed - 16

1884-5. Effect of Legislation.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — ^continued.

463

t

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 48 & 49 Vict.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34. - Income Tax - Amended - 51

tf c# 97* Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853 Amended - 52

17 & 18 Vict. c. 91. s. 2. in Valuation of Lands and Heri- Repealed - 3

part. tages (Scotland).

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., &c. Metropolis Management - Amended - 33

22 Vict. c. 20. Evidence by Commission Act, Amended - 74

1859.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 93. - Tithe Rentcharge Redemption - Amended - 32

, c. 129. s. 4 Spirit Duties - Repealed - 51

24 & 25 Vict. c. 83. s. 4 in County Voters Registration Repealed - 16

part, and s. 5. (Scotland) Act, 1861.

, c. 91. - Inland Revenue - Amended - 51

, c. 100. s. 49, and Offences against the Person Repealed - 69

s. 52 in part.

, c. 116. - Knights of Windsor Amended - 42

25 & 26 Vict. c. 22. s. 20 Customs and Inland Revenue - Repealed - 51

26 & 27 Vict. c. 65. - Volunteer Act, 1863 Amended - 36

, o. 112. - Telegraphs - Amended - 58

27 & 28 Vict. c. 12. s. 12 Warehousing of British Spirits - Repealed - 51

28 & 29 Vict. c. 26. - Union Officers Superannuation Amended - 80

(Ireland).

, c. 36. ss. 4, 5, 12, County Voters Registration Act, Repealed - 15

and Sched. A. 1865.

, c. 89. - Greenwich Hospital Amended - 42

, c. 98. s. 12 British Compounded Spirits Repealed -, 51

29 & 30 Vict. c. 3. Telegraphs - Amended - 58

, c. 44. - Labouring Classes Lodging Amended - 72

Houses, &c. (Ireland).

30 & 31 Vict. c. 80. s. 10 Valuation of Lands (Scotland) - Repealed - 16

, o. 100. - Knights of Windsor Amended - 42

, c. 102. - Representation of the People - Amended - 3, 15, 17, 23

, c. 134. - Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867 - Amended 18

31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. - Sea Fisheries Act, 1868 - Amended 79

, c. 48. - Representation of the People Amended 3 and 16

(Scotland).

, c. 49. s. 3 Representation of the People (Ireland). Repealed - 3

, c. 58. ss. 17 and 19. Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1868. Repealed - 15

, c. 110. - Telegraphs - Amended - 58

, c. 130., &c. Artizans Dwellings Acts, 1868 Amended - 72

to 1882.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 73. - Telegraphs ... Amended - 58

33 & 34 Vict. c. 21. ss. 2 to 5 - Bridgwater and Beverley Disfranchisement. Norwich Voters Disfranchise- Repealed - 23

, c. 25. - Repealed - 23

ment.

, c. 38. ss. 2 to Sligo and Cashel Disfranchise- Repealed - 23

ment.

, c. 54. - Dublin City Voters Disfranchise- Repealed - 23

ment.

, c. 75. - Elementary Education Act, 1870 Amended - 38

, c. 83. s. 3 in part. Constabulary (Ireland) - Repealed - 12

, c. 88. - Telegraphs - Amended - 58

, c. 100. - Greenwich Hospital Act, 1870 - Repealed - 42

34 & 35 Vict. c. 77. - Norwich Voters Disfranchise- Repealed - 23

ment.

, c. 112. - Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871 Amended - 75

464

Effect of Legislation. 48 & 49 Vict.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 48 & 49 Vict.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. - Ballot Act, 1872 - Amended - 23

99 c. 67. Greenwich Hospital Amended - | ! 42

36 & 37 Vict. c. 42. - Tithe Rentcharge Redemption - Amended -, , 32

99 64. Ecclesiastical Commissioners - Amended - 31

38 & 39 Vict. c. 28. - Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1875. Amended - 68

, c. 36., &c. Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882- Amended - 1 72

»» c. 49. - Artizans, &c. Dwellings (Scotland). Amended - 72

it c. 55. Public Health Act, 1875 - Amended 35, 53, 72

, c. 83. - Local Loans Act, 1875 - Amended - 30

, c. 84. - Parliamentary Elections - Amended 62

ii o. 94. - ~ Offences against the Person Repealed. - 69

40 & 41 Vict. c. 56. - County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877. Amended - 71

41 & 42 Vict. c. 4. Parliamentary Elections (Metro-, polis) Act, 1878. Repealed* 10

, c. 41. - Parliamentary Elections (Scotland). Amended - 62

, c. 42. - Tithe Rentcharge Redemption - Amended - 32

, c. 76. - Telegraphs ... Amended - 58

42 & 43 Vict. c. ccvi. - East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879. Amended - 25

43 & 44 Vict. c. 20. - Inland Revenue Act, 1880 Amended - 51

44 & 45 Vict 45 Vict.. c. 12. s. 16 Customs and Inland Revenue Act. 1881. Repealed - 51

, c. 49. - Land Law (Ireland) Act. 1881 - Amended - 73

n c. 53. - East Indian Railway (Redemption of Annuities) Act, 1881. Amended - 25

, c. 58. - Army Act, 1881 - Amended 8

45 & 46 Vict. c. 38. - Settled Land Act, 1882 - Amended - 72 and 73

, c. 50. - Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. Amended 38

, c. 72. s. 4 Revenue, Friendly Societies, and National Debt Act, 1882. Repealed - 51

46 & 47 Vict. c. 22. Sea Fisheries Act, 1883 - Amended - 70

, c. 32. - Greenwich Hospital Tramways and Public Companies, (Ireland) Act, 1883. Amended - 42

, c. 43. Part II. - Amended 5

, 1 c. 57. Patents, &c. Act, 1883 - Amended - 63

, c. 60. - Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883 - Amended - 72 and 77

, c. lxxix. Thames Act, 1883 Amended - 76

47 & 48 Vict. c. 34. - Elections (Hours of Poll) Act, 1884. Repealed* 10

, c. 50. Metropolitan Board of "Works (Money) Act, 1884. Amended - 50

, c. 54. - Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884 - Amended - 4 and 26

48 & 49 Vict 49 Vict. c. 3. Representation of the People Act, 1884. I Amended - 17 and 23

* Upon Act coming into operation at the end of this present Parliament.

