THE

LAW REPORTS.

THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

SIXTIETH AND SIXTY-FIRST YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1897:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE SESSION'S

LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX.

VOL. XXXIV.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

FOR

T. DIGBY PIGOTT, Esq., C.B., PRINTER TO HER MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published for the Council of Law Reporting,

By WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, Limited,

DUKE STREET, STANFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1897.

CONTENTS.

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

II. Table of the Titles of the Public Acts of a Local Character passed during the Session which are placed amongst the Local Acts - viii

III. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session - 229

IV. Index to the Public General Acts - 256

V. Table showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation on Public General Acts - 280

VI. Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 281

TABLE I.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Third Session of the Twenty-Sixth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

60 & 61 VICTORIA. — A.D. 1897.

1. AN Act to amend the Law as to Qualifications for Elections to Parish Councils and as to the Annual Assembly of the Parish Meeting. (Local Government.) 1

2. An Act to amend the Law relating to the appointment of Surveyors in the county of Dublin. (County Dublin Surveyors.) 1

3. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).) 2

4. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).) 5

5. An Act to provide for a Grant out of the Exchequer in aid of Voluntary Elementary Schools, and for the exemption from Rates of those Schools, and to repeal part of Section Nineteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1876. (Voluntary Schools.) 6

6. An Act to amend the Military Lands Act, 1892. (Military Lands.) 8

7. An Act to provide for defraying the Expenses of certain Military Works and other Military Services. (Military Works) 8

8. An Act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867, Amendment Act, 1887. (Trusts (Scotland).) 10

9. An Act to amend the Law as to the Endowment of the Archdeaconry of Cornwall. (Archdeaconry of Cornwall.) 11

10. An Act to remove doubts as to the power of the Secretary of State in Council of India to grant Superannuation and Compensation Allowances in certain cases to Officers on his Establishment. (East India Company's Officers Superannuation.) 11

11. An Act to make provision for the transfer of the Assets, Liabilities, and Management of the Regular Widows' Fund and of the Elders' Widows' Fund to the Secretary of State in Council of India, and for other purposes in relation thereto. (Regular and Elders' Widows' Funds.) 13

12. An Act to provide Superannuation Allowances for the Assessor of Railways and Canals in Scotland, and the Clerks and other Officers permanently employed by him. (Railway Assessors (Scotland) Superannuation.) 18

13. An Act for transferring the right of Presentation to the Professorships of Botany and Natural History in the University of Edinburgh. (Edinburgh University (Transfer of Patronage).) 20

14. An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Police Courts to be closed on Special Bank Holidays. (Metropolitan Police Counts (Holidays).) 20

15. An Act to amend the Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1865. (Navy and Marines (Wills).) 20

16. An Act to amend Section Ninety-seven of the Elementary Education Act, 1870. (Elementary Education.) 21

17. An Act to provide for an Appeal in Ireland in Cases stated by Justices in certain Civil Matters. (Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland).) 22

18. An Act to permit Juries to separate in cases of Felony. (Juries Detention.) 23

19. An Act to amend the Law regarding Preferential Payments in the case of Companies. (Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Amendment.) 23

20. An Act to provide for the relief of Jurors from unnecessary attendance at Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland. (Quarter Sessions Jurors (Ireland).) 24

21. An Act to make Rules for Preventing Collisions in the Sea Channels leading to the River Mersey. (Mersey Channels.) 26

22. An Act to amend the Provisions of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883, so far as they relate to Market Gardens. (Market Gardeners Compensation (Scotland).) 26

23. An Act to remove Doubts arising under the Extraordinary Tithe Redemption Act, 1886. (Extraordinary Tithe.) 28

24. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. (Finance.) 29

25. An Act for the Acquisition of Land for the Extension of the Patent Office, and for purposes connected therewith. (Patent Office (Extension).) 32

26. An Act for transferring the Expenses of Police Courts to the Metropolitan Police Fund, and for making provision with respect to the Courts of the Stipendiary Magistrate of Chatham and Sheerness. (Metropolitan Police Courts.) 35

27. An Act for the Acquisition of a Site for Public Offices in or near Whitehall, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Public Offices (Whitehall) Site.) 38

28. An Act to amend the Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act, 1896, as respects Female Nurses appointed after the commencement of the said Act. (Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act Amendment.) 42

29. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the borrowing of Money by Guardians and Managers of District Schools and Asylums, and to explain the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867. (Poor Law.) 43

30. An Act to make further provision with respect to the disposal of Property in the Possession of the Police. (Police (Property).) 45

31. An Act to permit Local Authorities to provide Cleansing and Disinfection for Persons infested with Vermin. (Cleansing of Persons.) 47

32. An Act to provide for Expenses incurred by School Boards in relation to School Board Conferences. (School Board Conference.) 48

33. An Act to remove doubts as to the applicability of the Church Building Acts and New Parishes Acts to the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Church Building and New Parishes).) 48

34. An Act to enable Returning Officers at Municipal Elections in Scotland to take the use of certain rooms free of charge. (Municipal Elections (Scotland).) 49

35. An Act to make further provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy. (Naval Works.) 49

36. An Act to make temporary provision for the Relief of Distress in Ireland. (Out-door Relief (Ireland).) 52

37. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Compensation to Workmen for accidental Injuries suffered in the course of their Employment. (Workmen's Compensation.) 53

38. An Act to consolidate and amend the laws relating to the Public Health in Scotland. (Public Health (Scotland).) 63

39. An Act to constitute the Ridings of Yorkshire separate Counties for all the purposes of the Coroners Acts. (Yorkshire Coroners.) 138

40. An Act to amend the Local Government Act, 1894, with regard to Joint Committees for the purposes of the Burial Acts. (Local Government (Joint Committees).) 139

41. An Act to make provision with respect to the Delivery of Telegrams, Guarantees by Parish Councils in Scotland, and the Pensions of certain Persons employed in the Telegraph Service. (Post Office and Telegraph) 140

42. An Act to extend the Powers of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District. (Metropolitan Police (Borrowing Powers).) 141

43. An Act to facilitate Military Manoeuvres. (Military Manoeuvres.) 142

44. An Act for giving Facilities for a Pure Water Supply in Rural Districts. (District Councils (Water Supply Facilities).) 146

45. An Act to make further provision for the Endowment of the Archdeaconry of London. (Archdeaconry of London (Additional Endowment).) 147

46. An Act to legalize the Use of Weights and Measures of the Metric System. (Weights and Measures (Metric System).) 148

47. An Act to declare the Effect of the Provisions of the Volunteer Act, 1863, with respect to Rules for Volunteer Corps. (Volunteer.) 149

48. An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of Stipendiary Magistrates in Scotland. (Stipendiary Magistrates Jurisdiction (Scotland).) 150

49. An Act to make better provision for filling up Casual Vacancies in Parish Councils in Scotland. (Parish Councils Casual Vacancies (Scotland).) 151

50. An Act to amend the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1828 to 1887. (Licensing Amendment (Scotland).) 151

51. An Act to grant Moneys for the purpose of certain Local Loans and to amend the Law respecting the Local Loans Fund and Loans made thereout and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.) 152

52. An Act to extend the Age under which the Employment of Young Persons in dangerous Performances is prohibited. (Dangerous Performances.) 159

53. An Act to provide for the administration of Sums available for the Improvement of Congested Districts in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland. (Congested Districts (Scotland).) 160

54. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.) 164

55. An Act to make provision with respect to advances for the benefit of Wicklow Harbour. (Wicklow Harbour Advances.) 168

56. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Metropolitan Water Companies. (Metropolis Water.) 172

57. An Act to amend the Law for the better Protection of Infant Life. (Infant Life Protection.) 174

58. An Act to give power to make Regulations with respect to Cotton Cloth Factories. (Cotton Cloth Factories.) 179

59. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, with respect to the power of detention for undermanning. (Merchant Shipping.) 179

60. An Act for the Prevention of Accidents by Chaff-Cutting Machines. (CkaffOrUHng Machines (Accidents).) 180

61. An Act to remove certain Exemptions from Compulsory Pilotage. (Merchant Shipping (Exemption from Pilotage).) 181

62. An Act to amend the provisions of Section Sixty-seven of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, in regard to the additional grant to School Boards, and to provide out of the Exchequer an aid grant for Voluntary Schools in Scotland, and for the Exemption from Rates of those Schools. (Education (Scotland).) 181

63. An Act to prohibit the importation of Foreign Prison-made Goods. (Foreign Prison-made Goods.) 183

64. An Act to amend Sections Four and Eight of the Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1865. (Constabulary (Ireland).) 183

65. An Act to establish a Real Representative and to amend the Land Transfer Act, 1875. (Land Transfer.) 184

66. An Act to amend the Judicature (Ireland) Acts, 1877 to 1888, and to provide for the union and consolidation of the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland with the Supreme Court and for other purposes connected therewith. (Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) (No. 2).) 203

67. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.) 208

TABLE II

[Partial table of local acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

60 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to amend the Law as to Qualifications for Elections to Parish Councils and as to the Annual Assembly of the Parish Meeting.

[16th February 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Qualification of parish councillors.]

1. Any person who has entered into residence on or before the twenty-fifth day of March in any year shall, if otherwise qualified of for election as a parish councillor, be eligible for election at the counci parish council elections of the succeeding year, notwithstanding that the period of his residence shall be under one year.

[Date of assembly.]

2. The annual assembly of the parish meeting shall be held on some day between the first day of March and the first day of April, both inclusive, in each year.

[Repeal 56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.]

3. Rule (1) in Part One of the First Schedule to the Local Repeal. Government Act, 1894, is hereby repealed.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Local Government Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the appointment of Surveyors in the County of Dublin.

[29th March 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

---

[

1. On and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for Appointment the grand jury of the county of Dublin to appoint one and the of one district same person to hold the office of county or district surveyor for wholYcounn-. both the road districts in said county, a 97318.

2

Appointment and payment of assistant surveyors.

Provision as to salaries of district and assistant surveyors.

[Short title.]

Ch. 2, 3. County Dublin Surveyors, 1807. 60 Vict.

2. The grand jury of the county of Dublin at any presenting term may appoint as many persons as they shall, with reference to the extent of the county and of the duties to be performed, think necessary to be assistants to the district surveyor, and said grand jury shall have the same powers at presenting term to fix the salary payable to each of said assistants or vary the same as the grand jury of any other county in Ireland have at the passing of this Act, and each such assistant shall obey the order of the district surveyor and be removable in the same manner as the district surveyors are in other counties at the passing of this Act, and the salaries of the said assistants may be presented for in the same way as the salaries of the district surveyors.

3. The annual salary to be paid to any person holding the office of district surveyor shall be such as the grand jury may by resolution from time to time, with the approval of the Lord Lieutenant, determine. Provided always, that such salary, together with the salaries of the assistant or assistants to the county surveyor appointed under the provisions of this Act, shall not exceed in any year the amount of the combined salaries payable before the passing of this Act to district surveyors in the county of Dublin pursuant to the provisions of the Order in Council dated fifth May one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

4. This Act may be cited as the County Dublin Surveyors Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[29th March 1897.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and fifty-eight thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her

1897.

Army (Annual) Act, 1897.

Ch. 3.

3

Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand 44 & 45 Vict eight hundred and ninety-seven on the following days:°* 58m

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(6.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and

(c.) ELsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1897. Short title.

2. — (1.) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the Army Act

periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise ^4tA45 Vict‘ provided by Parliament; that is to say, ti be in force

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, both inclusive; and

(6.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight,

both inclusive; and

4

Ch. 3.

Army (Annual), 1897.

60 Vict.

Prices in respect of billeting.

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, both inclusive;

and the day from which the Army Act is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the schedule to this Act.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Pi ice.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Pour pence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. One shilling and threepence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified - One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Fourpcncc per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

1897.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1897.

Ch. 4.

5

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight. [29th March 1897.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the issue of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of

the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand ojjthe years eight hundred and ninety-six and one thousand eight hundred list SFarch isoe and ninety-seven, the sum of two million two hundred and thirty andl897‘ thousand eight hundred and thirty-five pounds, seventeen shillings, and one penny.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the Issue of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards of'uio'X °ut making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of Vhe^rvico1 the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand onhey^r eight hundred and ninety-eight the sum of twenty-four million 1m March 1898. three hundred and twenty-seven thousand seven hundred pounds.

3. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of Power to England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said j^eb^J^ury sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of 0 orrow‘ twenty-six million five hundred and fifty-eight thousand five hundred and thirty-five pounds, seventeen shillings, and one penny,

and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall l^np d said

6

Ch. 4, 5.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1), 1897. 60 Vict.

[Short title.]

Aid grant to voluntary elementary schools.

Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to provide for a Grant out of the Exchequer in Aid of Voluntary Elementary Schools, and for the Exemption from Kates of those Schools, and to repeal part of Section Nineteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1876. [8th April 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) For aiding voluntary schools there shall be annually paid out of moneys provided by Parliament an aid grant, not exceeding in the aggregate five shillings per scholar for the whole number of scholars in those schools.

(2.) The aid grant shall be distributed by the Education Department to such voluntary schools and in such manner and amounts, as the Department think best for the purpose of helping necessitous schools and increasing their efficiency, due regard being had to the maintenance of voluntary subscriptions.

(3.) If associations of schools are constituted in such manner in such areas and with such governing bodies representative of the managers as are approved by the Education Department, there shall be allotted to each association while so approved,

(a) a share of the aid grant to be computed according to the number of scholars in the schools of the association at the rate of five shillings per scholar, or, if the Department fix different rates for town and country schools respectively (which they are hereby empowered to do) then at those rates; and

(6) a corresponding share of any sum which may be available out of the aid grant after distribution has been made to unassociated schools.

(4.) The share so allotted to each such association shall be distributed as aforesaid by the Education Department after consulting the governing body of the association, and in accordance with any scheme prepared by that body which the Department for the time being approve.

(5.) The Education Department may exclude a school from any share of the aid grant which it might otherwise receive, if, in the opinion of the Department, it unreasonably refusee.or fails to join

1897,

Voluntary Schools, 1897.

Ch. 5.

7

such an association, but the refusal or failure shall not be deemed unreasonable if the majority of the schools in the association belong to a religious denomination to which the school in question does not itself belong.

(6.) The Education Department may require, as a condition of a school receiving a share of the aid grant, that the accounts of the receipts and expenditure of the school shall be annually audited in accordance with the regulations of the Department.

(7.) The decision of the Education Department upon any question relating to the distribution or allotment of the aid grant, including the question whether an association is or is not in conformity with this Act, and whether a school is a town or a country school, shall be final.

2. After the last day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, the following words in section nineteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, namely, “ such grant shall not in “ any year be reduced by reason of its excess above the income of the school if the grant do not exceed the amount of seventeen “ shillings and sixpence per child in average attendance at the “ school during that year, but shall not exceed that amount per " child, except by the same sum by which the income of the school “ derived from voluntary contributions, rates, school fees, endowments, or any source whatever other than the Parliamentary “ grant, exceeds the said ampunt per child, and ” shall be repealed so far as they apply to day schools in England and Wales.

3. No person shall be assessed or rated to or for any local rate in respect of any land or buildings used exclusively or mainly for the purposes of the schoolrooms offices or playground of a voluntary school, except to the extent of any profit derived by the managers of the school from the letting thereof.

4. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression “voluntary school''means a public elementary day school not provided by a school board:

Any reference to the number of scholars in schools means the number of scholars in average attendance as computed by the Education Department:

The expression “local rate” means a rate the proceeds of which are applicable to public local purposes, and which is leviable on the basis of an assessment in respect of the yearly value of property, and includes any sum which, though obtained in the first instance by a precept, certificate, or other instrument requiring payment from some authority or officer, is or can be ultimately raised out of a local rate as before defined:

Other expressions have the same meaning as in the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1893.

5. — (1.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

(2.) This Act may be cited as the Voluntary Schools Act, 1897.

Repeal of 17 8.6 d.limit in 39 & 40 Vict. c. 79.

8. 19, as respects day schools in England and Wales.

Exemption from rates of voluntary elementary schools.

Definitions.

Extent of Act and short title.

Cii. 6, 7.

Military Lands Act, 1897

60 Vict.

Amendment of law as to borrowing powers.

Short title and construction. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 43.

Issue of money for works mentioned in schedule.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to amend the Military Lands Act, 1892.

[8th April 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The powers of a volunteer corps to borrow, and of the Public Works Loan Commissioners to lend, shall extend to the borrowing and lending of such money as may be required for the purchase, erection, construction, alteration, or enlargement of any building or permanent work for the purposes of a volunteer corps, or for the repayment of a loan raised for any such purpose.

2. This Act shall be construed as part of the Military Lands Act, 1892, and may be cited as the Military Lands Act, 1897, and the Military Lands Act, 1892, and this Act may be cited together as the Military Lands Acts, 1892 and 1897.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to provide for defraying the Expenses of certain Military Works and other Military Services.

[8th April 1897.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the execution of the military works specified in the schedule to this Act at the estimated cost therein stated:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof such sums not exceeding in the whole five million four hundred and fifty-eight thousand pounds, as may be required by a Secretary of State for defraying the costs of the works specified in the schedule to this Act, incurred at any time after the thirty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

(2.) Before any moneys are issued for the purpose of expenditure under any head in the schedule to this Act, a Secretary of State shall submit to the Treasury an estimate, with such details as may be required by the Treasury, of the expenditure under that head for which it is for the time being proposed to issue money,

^ ogle

1897.

Military Works Act, 1897.

Ch. 7.

9

and shall therewith state the period within which it is proposed to expend the money so issued.

(3.) There shall be no excess of expenditure under any head in the schedule above the amount stated therein for that head, unless the Treasury and Secretary of State are satisfied that the excess will be compensated by savings on the expenditure under another head, so that no excess will be caused over the total expenditure specified in the schedule, and in such cases the savings may be applied in payment of the excess.

2. — (1.) The Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time for the purpose of providing money for the issue of sums out of the Consolidated Fund under this Act, or the repayment to that fund of all or any part of the sums so issued, borrow money by means of terminable annuities for such period not exceeding thirty years from the passing of this Act as the Treasury may fix, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(2.) The said annuities shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for army services; and if those moneys are insufficient, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, but shall not be payable as part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

(3.) The Secretary of State shall in every financial year cause to be made out and laid before the House of Commons an account, in the form required by the Treasury, of the money expended and borrowed and the securities created under this Act, and the accounts of expenditure under this Act shall be audited and reported upon by the Comptroller and Auditor-General as appropriation accounts in manner directed by the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866.

3. — (1.) Such sum as is shown by the account certified by the Comptroller and Auditor-General under section four of the Sinking Fund Act, 1875, to be the surplus of income above expenditure for the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven shall, instead of being applied as provided by the above-mentioned Act, be set apart in the Exchequer account and applied by the Treasury at such times as they direct in paying any sums authorised by this Act to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund.

(2.) The amount which the Treasury may borrow under this Act shall be reduced by the amount set apart in the Exchequer account in pursuance of this section.

4. This Act may be cited as the Military Works Act, 1897

B

Borrowing for purposes of Act, and accounts and audit.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 39.

Application of surplus income of year 1896-97 for expenses of scheduled work.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 45.

[Short title.]

10

Ch. 7, 8.

Military Works, 1897.

60 Vict.

SCHEDULE. Military Works.

Heads. (1.) Estimated Cost. (2.)

1. Defence works - 1, 120,000

2. Barracks, including completion of 2, 989,000

large camps.

3. Ranges, including accommodation for 1, 149,000

manoenvring and mobilization.

4. Staff and contingencies - 200,000

Total - - 5, 458,000

Note. — The above works are partly new works and partly works which have been commenced and not completed under the Imperial Defence Act, 1888 (51 & 52 Vict. c. 32), and the Barracks Act, 1890 (53 & 54 Vict. c. 25).

CHAPTER 8.

[Short title.]

Amendment of 50 & 51 Vict. c. 18.

Past abatement or renunciation not liable to challenge.

An Act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867, Amendment Act, 1887. [3rd June 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be‘cited as the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1897.

2. Section two of the Trusts (Scotland) Act (1867) Amendment Act, 1887, is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof it is enacted as follows, viz.: —

In addition to the powers conferred upon trustees by the second section of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867, in all trusts to which that section applies, the trustees shall have powers to make abatement or reduction, either temporary or permanent, of the rent, lordship, royalty, or other consideration, stipulated in any lease of lands, houses, tenements, minerals, metals, or other subjects, and to accept renunciations of leases of any such subjects.

3. No abatement or reduction of rent, lordship, royalty, or other consideration or acceptance of renunciation of any such lease heretofore made by trustees shall be liable to be challenged which would have been lawful if made after the passing hereof.

1897.

Archdeaconry of ComvxtU , 1897. Ch. 9, 10.

11

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Endowment of the Archdeaconry of Cornwall. [3rd June 1897.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of the Truro Chapter Act, 1878, a 41 & 42 Vict.

canonry in the cathedral church of Exeter has been trans- c* 44< ferred to and forms part of the Truro Chapter Endowment Fund, subject to an annual charge in favour of the Archdeaconry of Cornwall of three hundred and thirty-three pounds six shillings and eightpence, which charge has been since the recent avoidance of the same archdeaconry reduced to two hundred pounds a year:

And whereas it is expedient that the said sum of two hundred pounds a year, being the future stipend attached to the said archdeaconry, should be paid out of the common fund of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners instead of out of the endowment of the said canonry:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act, the endowment of Provision as to the Archdeaconry of Cornwall shall be provided by the Ecclesi- ^hd^conr* astical Commissioners for England by an annual payment of two of Cornwalh^ hundred pounds from their common fund, and the annual sum which, but for this enactment, would have been charged on the endowment of the said canonry shall be carried to the income of the Truro Cathedral Endowment Fund.

2. This Act may be cited as the Archdeaconry of Cornwall Act, Short title. 1897.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to remove doubts as to the power of the Secretary of State in Council of India to grant Superannuation and Compensation Allowances in certain cases to Officers on his Establishment. [3rd June 1897.]

"T WHEREAS doubts have arisen ns to the power of the Secretary of State in Council of India to grant superannuation or retiring or compensation allowances to secretaries, officers, or servants on the establishment of the Secretary of State in Council of India, and formerly on the home establishment of the late East India Company, or on the establishment of the late Commissioners for the affairs of India, in the cases and to the extent herein-after mentioned:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

B 2

12

[Short title.]

Secretary of State in Council of India empowered to grant additional superannuation allowances to certain persons on his establishment.

53 Geo. 3. c. 155.

Confirmation of past grants of additional superannuation allowances.

Confirmation of past grants

Ch. 10. East India Company*8 Officers Superannuation 60 Vict.

Act, 1897.

1. This Act may be cited as the East India Company's Officers Superannuation Act, 1897.

2. The Secretary of State in Council of India may grant to any secretary, officer, or servant on the establishment of the Secretary of State in Council of India, and formerly on the home establishment of the late East India Company, or on the establishment of the late Commissioners for the affairs of India, who shall cease to hold office at the age of sixty years or upwards, before having attained the age and served the length of time which, by the Act or Acts authorising the grant to him of a superannuation or retiring allowance, are required to qualify him for the full superannuation or retiring allowance for which he might have become qualified under such Act or Acts as aforesaid if he had continued to hold office, and who shall be duly qualified under such Act or Acts as aforesaid for a superannuation or retiring allowance, such an annual sum in addition to the superannuation or retiring allowance for which he shall at the time of his ceasing to hold office be qualified under such Act or Acts as aforesaid as is herein-after mentioned (that is to say): —

(a.) If such secretary, officer, or servant shall be sixty-five years of age or upwards, and shall have served for more than forty years, an additional annual sum not exceeding one-fortieth of the sahiry and emoluments of his office for every completed year of his service beyond forty years.

(6.) If such secretary, officer, or servant shall be under the age of sixty-five years, or being that age or upwards shall not have served forty years, such an additional annual sum as the Secretary of State in Council of India shall deem fit and expedient, provided that such additional annual sum, together with the superannuation or retiring allowance for which he shall at the time of his ceasing to hold office be qualified under the Actor Acts authorising a grant to him of a superannuation or retiring allowance, shall not exceed in amount the full superannuation or retiring allowance for which he might have become qualified under such Act or Acts as aforesaid if he had continued to hold office.

Any such addition to the superannuation or retiring allowance, which may be in excess of the amount to which the officer is at the time entitled, under the East India Company Act, 1813, shall be charged on the revenues of India.

3. All grants made before the passing of this Act of any annual sum or sums by way of additional superannuation or retiring allowance to any such secretary, officer, or servant as aforesaid which would have been valid if made by the Secretary of State in Council of India after the passing of this Act are hereby confirmed and shall be as valid as if such grants had been made by the Secretary of State in Council of India after the passing of this Act.

4. All grants made before the passing of this Act of any annual sum or sums by way of compensation or@^gwf] allowances to any

1897. East India Company's Officers Super- Ch. 10, 11. 13

annuation Act, 1897.

such secretaries, officers, or servants as aforesaid in consequence of compensa-

of the abolition of their respective offices, or for the purpose of ^joW0arn^inDg

+facilitating improvements in the organization of the establishment of the Secretary of State in Council of India, or in consideration of special services rendered by the person or persons to whom such grants shall have been made, shall be deemed to have been lawfully made.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to make provision for the transfer of the Assets, Liabilities, and Management of the Regular Widows* Fund and of the Elders* Widows* Fund to the Secretary of State in Council of India, and for other purposes in relation thereto. [3rd June 1897.]

WHEREAS, in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty, two separate funds, commonly known and hereinafter referred to as “ the Regular Widows' Fund” and “ the Elders' Widows' Fund ” respectively, were established for the benefit of the widows and families of persons employed in the home service of the East India Company, which was then considered as divided into two classes, namely, the Regular Home Establishment and the Extra Department:

And whereas upon the establishment of the Regular Widows' Fund the East India Company agreed to grant a contribution of four thousand pounds a year in aid of such fund, and in order to secure the payment thereof placed the sum of one hundred thousand pounds of East India bonds in the hands of the Trustees of such fund, and also agreed to grant a contribution of six hundred pounds a year to such fund upon the condition that so soon after the expiration of forty years from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and sixteen as the capital of such fund should have attained an amount sufficient to ensure its complete efficiency, the said annual contributions of four thousand pounds and six hundred pounds should cease, and the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds of East India bonds be transferred to the East India Company:

And whereas upon the establishment of the Elders' Widows' Fund the East India Company agreed to grant a contribution of one thousand pounds a year in aid of such fund:

Amd whereas such annual contributions as aforesaid in aid of the said funds respectively subsequently became payable by the Secretary of State in Council of India:

And whereas for some years after the establishment of the said funds the income thereof respective^ was more than sufficient to meet the current liabilities thereof, and the surplus income was accordingly invested and accumulated for the benefit of the said funds respectively:

14

Ch. 11.

Regular and Elders' Widows' Funds Act, 1897.

60 Vict.

And whereas in the year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four it was apprehended that by reason of reductions in the home establishment of the East India Company., consequent upon the Act of the third and fourth William the Fourth, chapter eighty-five, the said funds would prove inadequate to meet the payments provided for by the then existing regulations thereof respectively, and thereupon, at the request of the Trustees of the said funds respectively, it was resolved by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, with the sanction of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, that the deficiency should be made good by the East India Company as compensation under the seventh section of the said Act, on condition that, if the capital of the said funds and the income thereof from interest and subscriptions should be more than sufficient to provide for the permanent charge of pensions, the excess should be appropriated, so far as it would go, to repay to the East India Company the advances which they might make under that arrangement, together with interest:

And whereas on the seventeenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and sixty the said funds were closed, and since that date no fresh subscribers have been admitted to either of the said funds:

And whereas by an Act passed in the session of the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-seven, intituled “ An Act to enable the Trustees of the Elders' “ Widows' Fuud to apply the capital of the said fund in aid of “ income, and for other purposes in relation thereto, ” the annual contribution in aid of the Elders' Widows' Fund payable by the Secretary of State in Council of India was reduced to five hundred pounds a year as from the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight, and the Trustees of the said fund were empowered from time to time, until the liabilities of the said fund should be satisfied or the invested capital thereof be exhausted, to raise by sale of sufficient portions of such invested capital such an amount as might be from time to time required in addition to the income of the said fund, to meet the current liabilities thereof; and it was thereby also enacted that any ultimate surplus which might remain in the hands of the Trustees of the said fund, after satisfying all the liabilities thereof, should be transferred and paid to the Secretary of State in Council of India as part of the revenues of India; and that, in case the invested capital of the said fund should be exhausted before all the liabilities thereof were satisfied, the Secretary of State in Council of India should from time to time out of the revenues of India pay to the Trustees of the said fund such sums or sum as might be required to make good the deficiency, in accordance with the said resolution, of one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, and to enable the said Trustees from time to time to meet the current liabilities of the said fund:

And whereas the sums contributed under the said resolution of one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four by the East India Company and the Secretary of State in Coumuliof India up to the thirty-first day of March one thofisand eight hundred and ninety-

1897.

Regular and Elders' Widows' Funds

Act, 1897.

Ch. 11.

15

six to the Regular Widows' Fund and the Elders' Widows' Fund respectively largely exceed the amount of the invested assets of those funds respectively:

And whereas the Secretary of State in Council of India has lately caused an investigation to be made into the assets and liabilities of the Regular Widows' Fund, and it appears by the report of the actuary employed in such investigation that all the liabilities of the said fund can probably be met, without any further contribution on the part of the Secretary of State in Council of India, by means of the income of the said fund, and the appropriation from time to time of portions of the invested capital thereof:

And whereas it is expedient that provision should be made for the transfer of the assets, liabilities, and management of the Regular Widows' Fund and the Elders' Widows' Fund to the Secretary of State in Council of India, and for the gradual extinction of the invested capital of the said funds with due regard to all existing interests, and for the transfer to the Secretary of State in Council of India, as part of the revenues of India, of the ultimate surplus, if any, of the invested capital of the said funds after answering all the liabilities thereof:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the passing of this Act the Secretary of State in Council of India shall be entitled to and shall take and assume the assets, liabilities, and management of the Regular Widows' Fund and of the Elders' Widows' Fund.

2. All stocks standing in the names of the Trustees or of any of the Trustees of the Regular Widows' Fund and representing the invested capital of such fund, including a sum of one hundred and twelve thousand and seventy-five pounds one shilling and sixpence two and three-quarters per cent, consolidated stock, representing the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds East India bonds, shall be transferred to such accounts as may be necessary to be raised in the books of the Bank of England in respect of such stocks, and all such accounts respectively shall be intituled “ The stock account of the Secretary of State in Council “of India in respect of the Regular Widows' Fund, ” and all moneys, if any, in the possession or under the control of such Trustees or any of them belonging to such fund shall be paid into the Bank of England to the credit of “ The account of the Secretary of State in Council of India, ” and all stocks standing in the names of the Trustees or of any of the Trustees of the Elders' Widows' Fund and representing the invested capital of such fund shall be transferred to such accounts as may be necessary to be raised in the books of the Bank of England in respect of such stocks, and all such accounts respectively shall be intituled “ The stock account of

* v VJUUV1C

The Secretary of State in Council of India to be entitled to and to assume the assets, liabilities, and management of the Regular and the Elders' Widows' Funds.

Stocks standing in the names of the Trustees of such funds and moneys in their possession to be transferred to account of Secretary of State at Bank of England.

Ch. 11.

Regular and Elders' Widows' Funds Act, 1897.

60 Vict

10

On such transfer being made duties and liabilities of Trustees to cease, but rights of subscribers to and beneficiaries undertho funds to continue.

Powers of Trustees of funds vested in Secretary of State.

Annual contributions of Secretary of State to Regular Widows' Fund to cease and certain stock to form part of the invested capital of that fund.

Secretary of State empowered to raise by sale of invested capital of the funds sufficient to meet liabilities thereof.

“ the Secretary of State in Council of India in respect of the Elders' “ Widows' Fund.” and all moneys (if any) in the possession or under the control of such last-mentioned Trustees or any of them belonging to such fund shall be paid into the Bank of England to the credit of “ The account of the Secretary of State in Council of India.”

3. As soon as the invested capital of and all moneys belonging to the Regular Widows' Fund and the Elders' Widows' Fund respectively shall have been transferred to the Secretary of State in Council of India, the duties and liabilities of the Trustees of the said funds respectively in respect of the said funds shall cease, and all existing and future liabilities of the said funds may be enforced against the Secretary of State in Council of India in like manner as they might have been enforced against the Trustees of the said funds if this Act had not been passed; and every person who shall be a subscriber to or a beneficiary under either of the said funds at or after the passing of this Act shall be entitled to the benefits to which they would have been entitled under the rules of the said funds now in force if this Act had not been passed.

4. From and after the passing of this Act, there shall vest in the Secretary of State in Council of India all rights, powers, and authorities, discretionary or otherwise, which were prior to the passing of this Act vested in the Trustees of the Regular Widows' Fund and the Elders' Widows' Fund respectively, and subject to the provisions of this Act the Secretary of State in Council of India shall, as far as may be practicable, conform to and adopt the practice heretofore followed in the management of the said funds.

5. The annual contributions of four thousand pounds and six hundred pounds in aid of the Regular Widows' Fund payable by the Secretary of State for India in Council shall cease to be payable as from the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven; and as from that date the said sum of one hundred and twelve thousand and seventy-five pounds one shilling and sixpence two and three-quarters per cent, consolidated stock, representing the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds East India bonds, shall form part of the invested capital of the Regular Widows' Fund, and the dividends from time to time payable thereon shall thenceforth form part of the income of the said fund.

6. The Secretary of State in Council of India shall from time to time, until the liabilities of the Regular Widows' Fund and the Elders' Widows' Fund respectively are satisfied, or the invested capital thereof respectively is exhausted, raise by sale of sufficient portions of such invested capital such an amount as may be from time to time required, in addition to the income of the said funds respectively (including in the income of the Elders' Widows' Fund the annual contribution of five hundred pounds payable by the Secretary of State in Council of India in aid of such fund), to meet the current liabilities thereof respectively.

1897.

Regular and Elders' Widows' Funds Act, 1897.

Ch. 11.

17

7. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Secretary of State Subject in Council of India shall, so long as any liabilities of the Regular Widows* Fund and the Elders' Widows' Fund respectively remain capital to be unsatisfied, retain the invested capital for the time being of the said retained in funds respectively in the investments in which such capital is now ^eltments invested; provided that the Secretary of State in Council of India or t0t>0 may at any time, and from time to time, sell out all or any part of invested in the said investments or other the investments in which the invested

capital of the said funds respectively shall for the time being be Great Britain invested, and invest the moneys arising thereby in any of the public until all funds of Great Britain, but not otherwise. Satisfied!

8. Any surplus income of the Regular Widows' Fund or of the Annual surplus Elders' Widows' Fund (including in the income of the Elders' JJj^eand Widows' Fund the said annual contribution of five hundred pounds) surplus of which may remain on the thirty-first day of March in any year, funds to form after satisfying all the current liabilities of the said funds respectively for the twelve preceding months ending on that day, shall India and be as from that day form part of the revenues of India and may be dealt with dealt with accordingly, and any ultimate surplus which may a0001^'1^-remain of the said funds or either of them, after satisfying all the liabilities thereof respectively, shall form part of the revenues of India and may be dealt with accordingly.,

9. In case the invested capital of the Regular Widows' Fund I and the Elders' Widows' Fund, or of either of such funds, shall be £”5}^4 exhausted before all the liabilities thereof shall be satisfied, the Secretary of Secretary of State in Council of India shall from time to time out State ito meet of the revenues of India contribute to the said funds respectively, tjfe f^ds^ut or to the fund in respect of which there may be subsisting liabilities, of revenues such sums or sum as may be required from time to time to meet of India-the current liabilities thereof.

10. The Secretary of State in Council of India, by letter of attorney executed by two members of the Council and countersigned by the Secretary of State, or one of his Under Secretaries or his assistant Under Secretary, may authorise all or any of the cashiers of the Bank of England to sell and transfer all or any part of the stock or stocks for the time being standing in the books of the said bank to the accounts intituled “The stock account of the Secretary of State in Council of India in respect of the “ Regular Widows' Fund, ” or to the accounts intituled “ The stock “ account of the Secretary of State in Council of India in respect “ of the Elders' Widows' Fund, ” and to purchase and accept stock on the said accounts, and to receive the dividends due and to become due on the several stocks standing or that may thereafter stand on the said accounts, and by any writing signed by two members of the Council and countersigned as aforesaid may direct the application of the moneys to be received in respect of such sales and dividends; but no stock shall be purchased or sold and transferred by any of the said cashiers under the authority of such general letter of attorney except upon an order , directedi to the

Power of Secretary of State to grant Ittter of attorney for sale, &c. of stock to his stock account at Bank of England.

18 Ch. 11, 12. Regular and Elders' Widows' Funds 60 Vict.

1897.

chief cashier and chief accountant of the Bank of England from time to time and duly signed and countersigned as aforesaid.

11. All notifications or applications on the part of the subscribers to or present or future beneficiaries under the Regular Widows* Fund or the Elders' Widows' Fund which are required or prescribed by the rules of the said funds respectively, as existing at the date of this Act, shall be given and made in such manner and to such person or persons as the Secretary of State in Council of India shall from time to time appoint.

Short title. 12. This Act may be cited as the Regular and Elders' Widows' Funds Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to provide Superannuation Allowances for the Assessor of Railways and Canals in Scotland, and the Clerks and other Officers permanently employed by him.

[3rd June 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Superannua- 1. On and after the passing of this Act, the assessor of railways and canals for the time beiDg (herein-after referred to as the railways, °&c. assessor) appointed in terms of section twenty of the Lands Valua-and clerks, tion (Scotland) Act, 1854, and the clerks or other officers whom bChhnPl°yed 113ay ^e a^owe(l t° employ permanently in the execution of his

17 &?8 Vict duties under that Act, shall each be entitled to such superannuation c. 91. allowance as may be fixed by the Secretary for Scotland, not

exceeding ten sixtieths of his annual salary, with the addition of one sixtieth for every additional completed year of his service beyond ten years.

Provided as follows:

(i.) The allowance shall not, except as herein-after mentioned, be granted to any person unless he has served for a period of ten years:

(ii.) The allowance of any person shall not exceed forty sixtieths of his annual salary:

(iii.) The allowance shall not be granted to any person under the age of sixty years, unless he produces a medical certificate to the satisfaction of the Secretary for Scotland that he is incapable from infirmity of mind or body to discharge the duties of his situation, and that his infirmity is likely to be permanent:

(iv.) The allowance of any person shall be calculated on the amount of annual salary received at the time of retirement,

" VaUUv

How notifications, &c. by subscribers to and beneficiaries under the funds are to be given.

1897.

Railway Assessors (Scotland) SwperaTmvuation Act, 1897.

Ch. 12.

19

if he shall have been in receipt of the same, or in the class from which he retires, for a period of at least three years immediately before retirement; and in all other cases it shall be calculated on the average amount of annual salary received during the three years next preceding the retirement, such average to be fixed by the Secretary for Scotland.

2. In the event of the assessor when appointed as aforesaid being of an age which would not entitle him on attaining the age of sixty years to a superannuation allowance under this Act of forty sixtieths of his annual salary, the Secretary for Scotland may by order under his hand direct that on the retirement of such assessor a number of years not exceeding twenty shall, in computing the amount of his superannuation allowance, be added to the number of years during which he may have actually served as assessor.

3. Every person to whom a superannuation allowance shall have been granted under the provisions of this Act, before he has attained the age of sixty years, shall until he has attained that age be liable to be recalled to the office of the assessor to serve in the same or a similar capacity to that in which he has previously served, and if he shall decline when called upon to do so to return to such duties, or shall decline or neglect to execute such duties satisfactorily, being in a competent state of health, he shall forfeit his right to the superannuation allowance which has been granted to him.

4. Nothing herein contained shall entitle any person to receive any superannuation allowance under this Act concurrently with salary or other remuneration in respect of his performing the duties of assessor or of clerk or other officer in the employment of such assessor.

5. In fixing the amount of superannuation allowance under this Act, the Secretary for Scotland shall take into consideration the amount of the superannuation allowance, if any, granted to the assessor in respect of any service under Her Majesty's Government.

6. All superannuation allowances to be granted under the provisions of this Act shall be levied and collected along with and in the same manner as the remuneration or salary of the assessor and his clerks and other officers, as prescribed in section twenty-nine of the said Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854.

7. This Act may be cited as the Railway Assessors (Scotland) Superannuation Act, 1897.

Computation of additional years to assessor.

Liability of persons under sixty to be called upon to serve again.

Allowance not to run concurrently with salary.

Superannuation allowance for other services to be considered.

Mode of levying and collecting allowances.

[Short title.]

20

Transfer of presentation to professorships.

21 & 22 Vic4, c. 83.

[Short title.]

Tower fo close metropolitan |K)lice courts on .Bunk holidays. 81*35 Vict. c. 17

[Short title.]

Ch. 13, 14, 15. Edinburgh University (of 60 VICT.

Patronage), 1897.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act for transferring the right of Presentation to the Professorships of Botany and Natural History in the University of Edinburgh. [3rd Juno 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act the right of presentation to the Professorship of Natural History in the University of Edinburgh presently exercised by Her Majesty, Her heirs and successors, in right of Her Crown, shall be transferred to and in all time coining be exercised by the curators of the said University appointed under the provisions of section thirteen of the Universities (Scotland) Act, 1858; and the right of presentation to the Professorship of Botany in the said University presently exercised by tho said curators shall be transferred to and in all time coming be exercised by Her Majesty, Her heirs and successors, in right of Her Crown.

2. This Act may be cited as the Edinburgh University (Transfer of Patronage) Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Police Courts to be closed on Special Bank Holidays. [3rd June 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Secretary of State may, by order, close the metropolitan police courts on any day appointed under section four of the Bank Holidays Act, 1871, to be observed as a Bank holiday.

2. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Courts (Holidays) Act, 1897, and may be cited with the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1895.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1865. [3rd June 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as followsQ0ogIe

1897.

Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1897. Ch. 15, 16.

21

1. Section five of the Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1865, (which contains regulations as to the wills of persons being or having been seamen or marines with respect to wages, allowances, and other like payments) shall, in its application to the will of any person who dies after the passing of this Act, be amended as follows:

(1.) The words “ or when he has ceased so to serve ” shall be repealed:

(2.) After the words “or a notary public ” shall be inserted the words “or a solicitor, or in Scotland a law agent.”

2. This Act may be cited as the Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1897, and the Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1865, and this Act may be cited together as the Navy and Marines (Wills) Acts, 1865 and 1897.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend Section Ninety-seven of the Elementary Education Act, 1870. [3rd June 1897.]

WHEREAS by section ninety-seven of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, it is enacted as follows:

“ Where the school board satisfy the Education Department that “ in any year ending the twenty-ninth of September the sum “ required for the purpose of the annual expenses of the school “ board of any school district, and actually paid to the treasurer “ of such board by the rating authority, amounted to a sum which " would have been raised by a rate of threepence in the pound on “ the rateable value of such district, and any such rate would have produced less than twenty pounds, or less than seven shillings “ and sixpence per child of the number of children in average “ attendance at the public elementary schools provided by such “ school hoax'd, such school board shall be entitled, in addition to the annual parliamentary grant in aid of the public elementary “ schools provided by them, to such further sum out of moneys “ provided by Parliament as, when added to the sum actually so “ paid by the rating authority, would, as the case may be, make up “ the sum of twenty pounds, or the sum of seven shillings and “ sixpence for each such child, but no attendance shall be reckoned “ for the purpose of calculating such average attendance unless “ it is an attendance as defined in the said minutes ”:

And whereas it is expedient to amend the said section:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Section ninety-seven of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, shall have effect as if the sum of seven shillings and sixpence therein mentioned were increased by the sum of fourpence for every complete penny by which the school board rate for the year

Amendment of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 72. as to wills of seamen, &c.

[Short title.]

Power to increase grant under

38 & 34 Vict. c. 75. s. 97.

22

Ch. 16, 17. Elementary Education, 1897.

60 Vict.

Commencement, construction, and short title.

Appeal in cases stated in civil matters.

40 & 41 Vick c. 57.

[Short title.]

therein mentioned exceeded threepence. Provided that the said sum of seven shillings and sixpence shall not be thereby increased beyond a maximum of sixteen shillings and sixpence.

(2.) “ School board rate” means the rate in the pound on the rateable value of the district which would have produced the sum required in the said year for the purpose of the annual expenses of the board, and actually paid in that year to the treasurer by the rating authority.

(3.) In calculating for the purpose of the said section ninety-seven and of this Act the annual expenses of a school board, the Education Department shall include such sum as is necessary for maintaining such working balance as the Education Department determine to be reasonable.

2. This Act shall from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, be construed as part of section ninety-seven of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, and shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland, and may be cited as the Elementary Education Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to provide for an Appeal in Ireland in Cases stated by Justices in certain Civil Matters.

[3rd June 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The jurisdiction and power to hear and determine appeals conferred by section twenty-four of the Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, is hereby extended, and shall apply to any order or decision made after the passing of this Act by the High Court in Ireland or any judge thereof, under any of the enactments set out in the schedule to this Act, anything in any of the said enactments to the contrary notwithstanding.

2. This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1897, and may be cited with the Judicature (Ireland) Acts, 1877 to 1888.

SCHEDULE.

Section 11 of the Annual Revision of Rateable Property (Ireland) Amendment Act, 18G0 (23 & 24 Vict. c. 4.).

Section 14 of the Salmon Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1863 (26 & 27 Vict. c. 114.).

1897. Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Ch. 17, 18, 19. 23

Act, 1897.

Section 7 of the Railway Act (Ireland), 1864 (27 & 28 Vict. c. 71.).

Section 36 of the Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland),

1864 (27 & 28 Vict. c. 99.).

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to permit Juries to separate in cases of Felony.

[16th July 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Upon the trial of any person for a felony other than murder, Separation of treason, or treason felony, the court may, if it see fit, at any time jjjjjjjj'jj1 before the jury consider their verdict, permit the jury to separate f^fony! in the same way as the jury upon the trial of any person for misdemeanor are now permitted to separate.

2. This Act may be cited as the Juries Detention Act, 1897. Short title.

3. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend the Law regarding Preferential Payments in the case of Companies. [15th July 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Preferential Payments in Short title. Bankruptcy Amendment Act, 1897.

2. In the winding up of any company under the Companies Priority of Act, 1862, and the Acts amending the same, the debts mentioned gs^Wct in section one of the Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Act, c. 89.

1888, shall, so far as the assets of the company available for 51 & 52 Vict. payment of general creditors may be insufficient to meet them, c‘ 6a* have priority over the claims of holders of debentures or debenture stock under any floating charge created by such company, and shall be paid accordingly out of any property comprised in or subject to such charge.

3. In case a receiver is appointed on behalf of the holders of any Payment of debentures or debenture stock of a company secured by a floating of

charge, or in case possession is taken by or on behalf of such ^rtofneases.

24

Ch. 19, 20.

Preferential Payments in 60 & 61 VICT. Bankruptcy Amendment Act, 1897.

Application to Ireland.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 60.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 62.

Extent of Act.

Specification of divisions for purposes of Act.

Provision for lodging notice of bills of indictment and criminal trials.

debenture holders of any property comprised in or subject to such charge, then and in either of such cases, if the company is not at the time in course of being wound up, the debts mentioned in section one of the said Preferential Payments Act shall be paid forthwith out of any assets coming to the hands of the receiver, or other person taking possession as aforesaid, in priority to any claim for principal or interest in respect of such debentures or debenture stock. And the periods of time mentioned in the said Act shall be reckoned from the date of the appointment of the receiver or possession being taken as aforesaid, as the case may be. But any payments made under this section shall be recouped as far as may be out of the assets of the company available for payment of general creditors.

4. In the application to Ireland of this Act the Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy (Ireland) Act, 1889, shall be substituted for the Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Act, 1888, and in particular section four of the said Act of 1889 shall be substituted for section one of the stud Act of 1888.

5. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to provide for the relief of Jurors from unnecessary attendance at Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland. [15th July 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Lord Lieutenant may, when it appears to him desirable for the relief of jurors from unnecessary attendance at quarter sessions, by Order in Council, declare the provisions of this Act to be in force in any specified quarter sessions division as from the date of the order, and the provisions of this Act shall, after the said date, be in force in such division, and that division shall be a specified division within the meaning of this Act.

(2.) Any order made under this section may be revoked by a subsequent order made in the same manner.

2. Where it is intended to present a bill of indictment at a court of quarter sessions in a specified division, or to proceed at such court with the trial of any person on a bill of indictment previously found, the prescribed notice of such intention shall be lodged by or on behalf of the person having the conduct of the prosecution in the office of the clerk of the peace not later than three clear days (exclusive of a Sunday) previous to the day appointed for the trial of criminal causes before that court.

1.0

1897. Quarter Sessions Jurors (Ireland) Ch. 20. 25

Act, 1897.

3. — (1.) Where in a specified division no such notice has been so lodged as aforesaid, the clerk of the peace shall forthwith report to the sheriff to that effect, and the sheriff shall thereupon notify in the prescribed manner all jurors summoned to attend the court for the purpose of criminal business that their attendance will not be required.

(2.) Every person so summoned and subsequently notified under this section shall be given credit for an attendance as if he had attended in pursuance of the summons.

(3.) Where it is the duty of the clerk of the peace to summon jurors to attend at a court of quarter sessions, the duties imposed by this section upon the sheriff shall be discharged by the clerk of the peace, and it shall not be necessary to make a report to the sheriff.

(4.) The clerk of every poor law union shall, in compiling the list of jurors each year for revision, set forth as far as practicable in a separate column on the said list after the name of each juror the name of the post office nearest to his residence.

4. The expenses of this Act incurred in connection with the Expenses of duties hereby imposed on sheriffs and clerks of the peace shall be ^e^oMhe defrayed out of the county cess, and it shall be lawful for the grand peace.0 ° jury of every comity, and for every town council empowered to make presentment, as the case may be, from time to time at the next ensuing assizes or presenting term, and they are hereby required, without previous application at presentment sessions, or otherwise, to present all such sums of money as they may deem reasonable and necessary for defraying such expenses.

5. — (1.) In the case of any person returned for trial, or whose Power to trial has been adjourned to a court of quarter sessions in a specified division where the jurors have been notified under this Act that their attendance will not be required, the chairman or recorder presiding over the court may adjourn the trial of such person to the next ensuing court of quarter sessions for any division of the county in which the specified division is included or to the next ensuing court of assize for such county, and any recognizance entered into in respect of such trial shall without renewal be valid and binding in respect of the adjourned trial.

(2.) Such chairman or recorder shall have, in addition to all powers already vested in him, power to admit such person to bail until the sitting of the court to which his trial is adjourned.

6. The power of making rules and orders conferred by section Rules, seventy-nine of the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 405*41 vict-1877, shall be exercised for the purpose of carrying this Act into effect.

7. In this Act — Definitions.

The expression “clerk of the peace” includes clerk of the

Crown and peace where the offices have been united;

The expression “sheriff” includes under

C

Jurors relieved from attendance in certain cases.

26

Short title and extent.

[Short title.]

Power to make roles for Mersey Channels 57 & 58 Vict. c. 6('»

Commencement of Act. Repeal of 87 & 38 Vict. e. 5a *

Short title and construction.

Extent and commencement of Act.

Ch. 20, 21, 22. Quarter Sessions Jurors (Ireland) 60 & 61 VICT»

Act, 1897.

The expression “prescribed” means prescribed by rules and orders in pursuance of this Act.

8. This Act may be cited as the Quarter Sessions Jurors (Ireland) Act, 1897, and shall extend to Ireland only..

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to make Rules for preventing Collisions in the Sea Channels leading to the River Mersey.

‘ [15th July 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and A3 with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Mersey Channels Act, '1897.

2. The powers conferred upon Her Majesty in Council by section four hundred and twenty-one, sub-section (2), of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall extend to and include the power to make rules concerning lights and signals to be carried or the stops for Avoiding collision to be taken by vessels navigating the sea. channels or approaches to the River Mersey between the Rock Lighthouse and the furthest point seawards to which such sea channels or approaches respectively are for the time being buoyed on both sides.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, from which date tha Mersey Collisions Act, 1874, shall be repealed.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the Provisions of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883, so far as they relate to Market Gardens. [15th July 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Market Gardeners Compensation (Scotland) Act, 1897, and shall be read and construed as part of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883, herein-after called the principal Act.

2. This Act shall extend to Scotland only, and shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, which date is herein-after referred to as the commencement of this Act.

1897. Mark it Gardeners Compensation Ch. 22.

(Scotland) 1897.

8. Where after the commencement of this Act it is agreed in writing that a holding shall be let or treated as a market garden, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(l.j The provisions of section thirty of the principal Act shall extend to every fixture or building affixed or erected by the tenant to or upon such holding for the purposes of his trade as a market gardener:

(2.) The improvements numbered (1) erection or enlargement of building, and (5) making of gardens, in Part 1. of the schedule of the principal Act, shall, as far as regards such holding, cease to be comprised in the said schedule:

(3.) The following improvements shall, as far as regards such holding, be. deemed to be comprised in Part HI. of the said schedule: —

(i.) Planting of standard or other fruit trees permanently set out; .

(ii.) Planting of fruit bushes permanently set out;

(iii.) Planting of strawberry plants;

(iv.) Planting of rhubarb and other vegetable crops which continue productive for two or more years;

' (v.) Erection or enlargement of buildings for the purpose . of the trade or business of a market gardener:

(4.) Section thirty-seven of the principal Act shall be read and construed as if the words “with the consent in writing of his landlord ” were not included therein: r

(5.) It shall be lawful for the tenant to remove all fruit trees and . - bushes, planted by him on the holding and not permanently set out, but. if the tenant shall not remove such fruit trees or bushes before the termination of his tenancy, such fruit trees or bushes shall remain the property of the landlord, and the tenant shall not be entitled to any compensation in respect thereof.

4. Where, under a lease. current at the commencement of

this Act, a holding is at that date in use or cultivation as a market garden with the knowledge of the landlord, and the tenant thereof has then executed thereon, without having received previously to the execution thereof any written notice of dissent by the landlord, any of the improvements in respect of which a right of compensation or removal is given to a tenant by this Act, then the provisions of this Act shall apply in respect of such holding as if it had been agreed in writing after the commencement of this Act that the holding should be let or treated as a market garden.

5. Any compensation payable under this Act shall, as regards land belonging to Her Majesty the Queen, her heirs and successors, in right of the Crown, be paid in the same manner and out of the same funds as if it were payable in respect of an improvement mentioned in the first part of the First Schedule to the principal Act, except that compensation for planting strawberry plants and rhubarb and other vegetable cr^ps shall be paid in the same manner

° T.

27

Amendment and extension of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 62. a8 to improvements executed in or upon market gardens.

Application to current leases.

Compensation as regards Crown lands.

Ch. 22, 23. Market Gardeners Compensation 60 & 6lVICT.

(Scotland) Ac, 1897.

and out of the same funds as if it were payable in respect of an improvement mentioned in the third part of the said schedule.

6. For the purposes of the principal Act and of this Act the expression “market garden ” shall mean a holding or that part of a holding which is cultivated wholly or mainly for the purpose of the trade or business of market gardening.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to remove Doubts arising under the Extraordinary Tithe Redemption Act, 1886. [15th July 1897.]

49 & so Vict. "ITT HERE AS section two of the Extraordinary Tithe Redemption c' ▼V Act, 1886 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act),

requires the Land Commissioners for England to ascertain in each parish in England and Wales and certify the capital value of the extraordinary charge (as defined in the Act) on each farm, or where not a farm on each parcel of land, in respect of which the extraordinary charge was payable at the passing of the Act:

And whereas section four of the principal Act provides that the land in respect of which the extraordinary charge was so payable shall, so soon as the capital value is certified, be charged with the payment of an annual rentcharge equal to four per cent, on the capital value, such rentcharge to be a charge on the particular farm or parcel of land in respect of which the same has been assessed:

And whereas the Commissioners, and since the transfer of their powers to the Board of Agriculture that Board, have in divers cases certified the capital value of the extraordinary charge on farms or parcels of land described in their certificates, and doubts have arisen whether the annual rentcharges in respect of that capital value are charged on the several farms and parcels of land so described or only on certain parts thereof, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

And whereas by section nine of the principal Act all the provisions of the Tithe Acts in relation to any award or apportionment are made applicable to proceedings under the principal Act, and doubts have arisen as to whether such application authorises the division of the annual rentcharge under the principal Act among different parts of the land charged therewith, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Removal of 1. — (1.) Where the Commissioners or the Board of Agriculture

tacideuceof ^ave certified under the principal Act the capital value of an extraordinary charge on a farm or parcel of land described in their

28

Interpretation.

1897.

Extrawdinary Tithe , 1897.

Ch. 23, 24.

29

certificate, the annual rentcharge under the principal Act shall be and appor-and be deemed always to have been a charge on the farm or parcel tionent of of land so described. orTa^connt

(2.) The enactments relating to the alteration of an apportion- of extra-ment of ordinary tithe rentcharge shall apply to the annual rentcharge under the principal Act as if it were apportioned tithe rentcharge within the meaning of the said enactments, and any part of the annual rentcharge which is apportioned may be separately redeemed under the principal Act, and the amount of the capital value payable for the redemption of each such part shall be in proportion to the altered apportionment.

2. This Act may be cited as the Extraordinary Tithe Act, 1897, Short title, and shall be construed as one with the Extraordinary Tithe 49 & 50 vict* Redemption Act, 1886, and that Act and this Act may be cited c‘ 54‘ collectively as the Extraordinary Tithe Acts, 1886 and 1897.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. [15th July 1897.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

YY^E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Customs.

1. The duty of customs now payable on tea shall continue to Dutjr on tea. be charged, levied, and paid on and after the first day of August,

one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, until the first day of August, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland (that is to say): —

Tea, the pound ..... Fourpence.

2. There shall be allowed on all roasted coffee exported, which Drawback is not mixed with chicory or any other substance, a drawback on on exported every full hundred pounds thereof equal to the import duty for coffef>‘ the time being on one hundredweight of raw coffee, and the words

30

Ch. 24.

Finance Act, 1897.

00 & 61 Vict

39 & 40 Vict c. 35.

Packages of tobacco for the purpose of drawback, exportation, or removal.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 7.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 28.

89 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

Rate of income tax for 1897-8.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 67.

Exemption of income of married woman.

“ a drawback shall be allowed on all roasted coffee exported as “ ships stores, equal in amount to the import duty on raw coffee ” contained under the head “ coffee ” in the schedule to the Customs Tariff Act, 1876, are hereby repealed.

3. The cases or packages of tobacco for the purpose of drawback under section one of the Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863, as amended by section six of the Finance Act, 1896, and the packages of tobacco for the purpose of exportation or removal under section ninety-five of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, shall weigh not less than eighty pounds gross weight or such less weight as the Commissioners of Customs may permit; and accordingly —

(a) the words “weighing not less than eighty pounds gross “ weight or such less weight as the Commissioners of Customs “ may permit ” shall be substituted for the words “containing “ not less than eighty pounds net weight of such tobacco” in section one of the Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863, instead of the words substituted by section six of the Finance Act, 1896; and

(b) the words “(not being less in any case, if the goods to be “ exported or to be removed to another warehouse, than is “ required by law on the importation of such goods) ” in section ninety-five of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, shall not apply to tobacco; and

(c) section six of the Finance Act, 1896, from “and the words f weighing' ” down to “such tobacco ” shall be repealed.

Income Tax.

7^4. — (1.) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, shall be charged at the rate of eightpence.

(2.) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and uinety-seven, shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax hereby granted.

(3.) The annual value of any property which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules A. and B. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house duty, during the year ending on the fifth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, shall be taken as the annual value of such property for the same purpose during the next subsequent year: Provided that this section —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

(b) shall not apply to the Metropolis as defined by the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

5. — (1.) Where the total joint income of a husband and wife charged to income tax, by way either of assessment or deduction, does not exceed five hundred pounds^ b a claim for

1897.

Finance Act, 1897.

Ch. 24.

31

exemption, relief, or abatement, under the Acts relating to the income tax, the commissioners for general purposes of those Acts are satisfied that such total income includes profits of the wife from any business carried on or exercised by means of her own personal labour, and that the rest of the total income or any part thereof anises or accrues from profits of a business carried on or exercised by means of the husband's own personal labour, and unconnected with the business of the wife, they shall deal with euch claim as if it were a claim in respect of the said profits of the wife, and a separate claim on the part of the husband in respect of the rest of the total income, but they shall deal with any income of the husband arising or accruing from the business of his wife or from any source connected therewith as if it were part of the income of the wife.

(2.) In this section “ business” means any profession, trade, employment, or vocation, or any office or employment of profit, and the “ profits of a business” means any profits, gains, or remuneration arising or accruing from the business and chargeable under Schedule D. or Schedule E. in the Income Tax Act, 1853. 16 & 17 Vict.

c. 34.

, (3.) Sub-section two of section thirty-four of the Finance Act, 57 & 58 Vict.

1894, is hereby repealed, save as respects any income tax charged c- 30. under any former Act

Excise.

Section twelve of the Revenue Act, 1884 (which relates Sale of to the sale of tobacco in railway carriages under the license of the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue), shall apply in the case of and tramway omnibuses, tramway cars, and tramway carriages, as it applies in cars, the case of railway carriages, and shall apply to the proprietors 47g* 48 vict* of any such omnibuses, tramway cars, or tramway carriages, as it applies to the proprietors of railway carriages or to a railway company.

(2.) The expression "omnibus” in this section has the same meaning as in the Town Police Clauses Act, 1889, and includes a 52 &53 Vict. <(stage carriage ” within the meaning of the Metropolitan Public *14* ...

Carriage Act, 1869. In V, ct

7. Nothing in the Statute Law Revision Act, 1883, or the Declaration as Statute Law Revision Act, 1892, shall be deemed to have repealed

any enactments so far as they are required for the purpose of c 67, 8t 2.10 giving effect to section two of the Licensing (Scotland) Act,

1853.

Stamps.

8. Where under the power conferred by any Act any county Explanation council or municipal corporation issue bills repayable not later *?t0Jj?3 than twelve months from their date, those bills shall, not with- JUal rate.* standing that by the same or any other Act they are charged or

f

32

Ch. 24, 25.

. Finance Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

[Short title.]

Power to purchase land.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

secured on any property, fund, or rate, and that the statutory charge is referred to in the bills, be treated for the purpose of the Stamp Act, 1891, and the Acts amending that Act, as promissory notes and not as marketable securities.

General.

9. This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act for the acquisition of Land for the Extension of the Patent Office, and for purposes connected therewith.

[6th August 1897.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the extension of the Patent Office and to empower the Commissioners of Works (in this Act called the Commissioners) for that purpose to acquire certain lands and buildings situated in the united parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn-above-the-Bars and Saint George the Martyr, in the county of London:

And whereas those lands and buildings cannot be acquired without the authority of Parliament:

And whereas plans of the lands by this Act authorised to be acquired, and also books of reference containing the names of the owners and lessees, or reputed owners and lessees, and of the occupiers of these lands, have been deposited with the clerk of the peace for the county of London (which plans and books of reference are in this Act respectively referred to as the deposited plans and books of reference):

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners may purchase and acquire for the purposes of this Act all or any of the lands delineated on the deposited plans and described in the deposited books of reference.

2. — (1.) For the purpose of the purchase and acquisition of land under this Act the Lands Clauses Acts shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be incorporated with this Act, with the following exceptions and modifications: —

(a.) The provisions relating to the sale of superfluous land and access to the special Act and section one hundred and thirty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (relating to land tax and poor rate), shall not be incorporated with this Act:

(6.) In the construction of this Act, and of the incorporated Acts, this Act shall be deemed to be the “ special Act, ” and the Commissioners shall be deemed to be the “ promoters of the undertaking ”:

1897.

Patent Office (Extension) Act, 1>97.

Cff. 25.

33

(c.) The bond required by section eighty-five of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be under the common seal of the Commissioners, and shall be sufficient without the addition of the sureties mentioned in that section:

(cl.) All claims for compensation made upon the Commissioners under this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, shall, if the person claiming has no greater interest in the land in respect of which compensation is claimed than as tenant from year to year, or as a leaseholder for any term of which not more than eighteen months remain unexpired at the time at which the claim is made, be determined in manner provided by section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

(2.) The powers of the Commissioners for the compulsory purchase of land under this Act shall cease after the expiration of three years from the passing of this Act.

3. — (1.) Any land tax assessed on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven on any part of the land acquired by the Commissioners under this Act shall, as from the date of acquisition, be deemed to have been redeemed at the price and in accordance with the conditions provided by the Finance Act, 1896, and the Land Tax Acts therein defined, and after the date of acquisition no sum shall be assessed or charged in respect of land tax on any part of the land so acquired.

(2.) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall grant a certificate of exoneration from assessment to land tax of the lands so acquired, and that certificate shall be registered by the officer appointed for the registry of contracts for the redemption of land tax.

4. — (1.) All rights of way, rights of laying down or of continuing any pipes, sewers, or drains, on, through, or under, any of the land acquired by the Commissioners under this Act, and all other rights and easements in or relating to that land, shall be extinguished, and all the soil of those ways, and the property in the pipes, sewers, und drains, shall vest in the Commissioners.

(2.) Provided that any persons may recover from the Commissioners such compensation (if any) as they may be entitled to under any of the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts for any rights or property of which they may he deprived in pursuance of this section, and the amount of that compensation shall be determined in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts as modified for the purpose of their incorporation with this Act.

5. Nothing in this Act shall affect any rights or jurisdiction of the London County Council in relation to any sewers, drains, or watercourses.

6. The Commissioners and their surveyors, officers, and workmen may at all reasonable time in the daytime, on giving twenty-four hours' notice in writing, enter on any of the land which the Commissioners are authorised to acquire under this Act for the purpose of surveying or valuing the land.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

8 & 9 Vict. e. 18.

Land tax.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 28.

Extinction of rights of way and other easements.

Saving for

County

Council.

Power to enter on lands.

to

Ch. 25.

Patent Office (Extension) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Power of Commissioner* to build.

Protection of works of gas, water, and electricity companies.

Provisions as to expenses, of Commissioners.

15 & 16 Vict c. 28.

Penalty for obstructing Commissioners.

[Short title.]

7. The Commissioners may erect all such buildings, execute all such works, and do all such other things, as may in their opinion be necessary or proper for the purpose of providing for the extension of the Patent Office on the land acquired by them under this Act, and appropriating any such land for any of those purposes.

8. — (1-) Where, in the removal or pulling down of any buildings or in raising or lowering the ground of any street or way for the purpose of this Act, it is necessary to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the position relatively to the surface of the ground of any pipe, wire, or other apparatus, laid down or used by any gas, water, or electricity company, or connected with any house or building for the supply of gas, water, or electricity —

(a) one month's notice shall be given to the company previously to the commencement of any such work; and

(b) the work shall be executed to the reasonable satisfaction of the engineer of the company, or in case of difference of an engineer to be selected by the Board of Trade; and

(c) every such work shall be so executed as to cause as little inconvenience as circumstances will admit to the company; and

(d) the Commissioners shall make compensation to the company for all loss or damage, if any, which may be occasioned by the execution of any of the works authorised by this Act.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the expression “gas, water, or electricity company ” includes any person or body of persons supplying gas, water, or electricity.

9. — (1.) All expenses incurred by the Commissioners under this Act shall be defrayed out of money provided by Parliament.

(2.) The provisions of the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852, and any Act amending that Act, shall apply in the case of the acquisition of land by the Commissioners under this Act in like manner as in the case of a purchase under that Act, and any notice, summons, writ, or other document required to be given, issued, or signed, by or on behalf of the Commissioners, may be given, issued, or signed by the secretary or assistant secretary of the Commissioners, and need not be under their common seal.

10. If any person wilfully obstructs any person acting under the authority of the Commissioners in the lawful exercise of the powers vested in them under this Act, he shall for each offence be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

11. This Act may be cited as the Patent Office (Extension) Act, 1897.

1897. Metropolitan Police Courts Ch. 26. 35

Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act for transferring the Expenses of Police Courts to the Metropolitan Police Fund, and for making provision with respect to the Courts of the Stipendiary Magistrate of Chatham and Sheerness.

[6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The expenses of and incidental to the metropolitan police Transfer to courts, except the salaries and superannuation allowances of the police magistrates, shall be paid out of the fund applicable for expenses defraying the expenses of the metropolitan police (in this Act and receipts referred to as the police fund), and all moneys which at the ofSf?0* ij passing of this Act are applicable for defraying the expenses of courts. P° C* the metropolitan police courts shall be paid to the metropolitan police fund.

2. — (1.) The limit imposed by section nine of the Metropolitan Power to Police Courts Act, 1839, on the salaries of the clerks in ^he “Jjt*rf^arie9 metropolitan police courts is hereby repealed.

(2.) The Secretary of State may, by order under his hand, fix a table of the fees to be taken in the metropolitan police courts; and any table so fixed shall take effect instead of the table contained in Schedule A to the Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 2 & 3 Vict. 1839. c *

3. — (1.) All property, real and personal, of or to which the Transfer of Commissioners of Works are seised, possessed, or entitled, in trust property from for or for the purposes of any metropolitan police court in use of

at the passing of this Act, shall pass to and be vested in the receiver,

receiver for the metropolitan police district (in this Act referred to as the receiver) for the same estate and interest and subject to the same covenants, conditions, agreements, and liabilities, for and subject to which the same were held by the Commissioners of Works, and the Commissioners of Works shall be discharged from such covenants, conditions, agreements, and liabilities.

(2.) Any building, structure, or work for the time being vested in the receiver shall be exempt from so much of the provisions

of the London Building Act, 1894, as relates to buildings and 57 & 58 Vict,

structures. 1 c. ccxiii.

4. The receiver shall have the same powers with respect to Powers of land and buildings required for the purposes of the metropolitan receiver with police courts as he has with respect to land and buildings required f^JTand0 for the purposes of the metropolitan police force, and the pro- buildings, visions of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1886, and the Metropolitan 49 50 Police Act, 1887, shall apply accordingly, and the limit fixed by 50 & 5i Vict

3G

Ch. 20.

Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

Provision as to retiring allowances.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 28.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 68.

22 Vict. c. 26.

Provision as to Chatham and Sheerness courts.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 135.

Provisions as to fees and fines.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 58.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71.

Power to settle questions.

those Acts on the borrowing powers of the receiver shall, in order to enable him to borrow such money as may be required for the purposes of the metropolitan police courts, be raised to seven hundred thousand pounds.

5. — (1.) The Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Acts, 1875 and 1885, shall apply to any superannuation allowance, compensation, gratuity, or other allowance payable to any person appointed after the passing of this Act to be a member of the staff of the metropolitan police courts, except the police magistrates.

(2.) The superannuation allowances payable at the passing of this Act to persons who have been members of the staff of the metropolitan police courts, except as police magistrates, and the superannuation allowances payable hereafter to persons being, at the passing of this Act, members of that staff, except as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the police fund, but shall continue to be payable in accordance with the provisions of the Superannuation. Act, 1859, and the enactments amending the same.

0. The salary of the clerk to the Chatham and Sheerness stipendiary magistrate shall be paid out of the police fund, and all fees received at any courts of that magistrate, and all fines, pecuniary penalties, and forfeitures imposed by that magistrate, shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be carried to the police fund:

Provided that if the fees, fines, penalties, and forfeitures so paid in any financial year are insufficient to meet the salary of the said clerk for that year, the deficiency shall be defrayed, as heretofore, out of money provided by Parliament, but in like manner as the charges and expenses incurred under the Metropolitan Police Act, 1860, and if they are in excess of such salary the excess shall be paid into the Exchequer.

7. — (1.) The Public Offices Fees Act, 1879, shall apply to all fees payable at the metropolitan police courts or at any court of the Chatham and Sheerness stipendiary magistrate.

(2.) The account of fees, penalties, and forfeitures, required by section forty-six of the Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839, shall be delivered at such times as the Secretary of State may by order direct.

(3.) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, or any repeal enacted by this Act, any fines which at the passing of this Act are payable by the receiver into the Exchequer, and which, by the Act imposing them, are directed to be paid to the Crown, or to the Exchequer, shall continue to be paid by the receiver into the Exchequer.

8. If any question arises as to what expenses are expenses of or incidental to any court within the meaning of this Act, the question may be determined by the Secretary of State, with the concurrence of the Treasury so far as the question affects the amount of any charge on the Exchequer* byC

1897.

Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1897.

Cu. 26.

37

9. The Acta specified in the schedule to this Act shall be Repeal of repealed to the extent appearing in the third column of that i^hedule. schedule.

10. This Act shall come into operation at such date as may be Commence-fixed by order of the Secretary of State notified in the London ment of Act. Gazette, and the Secretary of State may fix different dates for different provisions of this Act coming into operation.

11. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Courts Short title. Act, 1897, and may be cited with the Metropolitan Police Acts,

1829 to 1895.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71. - The Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1339. So much of section nine as relates to the amount of the salaries of clerks and officers employed in the metropolitan police courts. In section forty-six, the words “once in every quarter of a year.” In section forty-seven, the words “to Her Majesty or.”

17 & 18 Vict. c. 94. - The Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act, 1854. So much of Schedule B. as relates to the expenses of the police courts of the metropolis, except the salaries of the police magistrates, and so much of section seven as relates to the portion of Schedule B. repealed by this Act.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 63. - The Chatham and Sheerness Stipendiary Magistrate Act, 1867. Section twelve, from “ and the salary” to the end of the section. Section thirteen, from “ and shall account” to “United Kingdom.” Section fifteen.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 35. - The Metropolitan Police Court (Buildings) Act, 1871. The whole Act.

38

Ch. 27.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 32.

Vesting and acquisition of land.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Public Ojjices (Whitehall) Site 60 & 61 Vict. Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act for the acquisition of a Site for Public Offices in or near Whitehall, and for other purposes connected therewith, [0th August 1897.]

WHEREAS the Public Offices Site Act, 1882, authorised the acquisition of certain lands for the purposes of the Admiralty and War Office:

And whereas the proposal to erect a new War Office on the lands authorised to be acquired under that Act has been abandoned, and it is, therefore, expedient to provide a site for new buildings for the War Office and such other public offices as may be determined:

And whereas for that purpose it is expedient that the Commissioners of Works (in this Act called the Commissioners) should be empowered to acquire certain lands and buildings situated in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields, in the county of London:

And whereas those lands and buildings cannot be acquired without the authority of Parliament:

And whereas plans of the lands by this Act authorised to be acquired and appropriated, and also books of reference containing the names of the owners and lessees, or reputed owners and lessees, and of the occupiers of those lands, have been deposited with the clerk of the peace for the county of London (which plans and books of reference are in this Act respectively referred to as the deposited plans and books of reference):

And whereas the land proposed to be acquired under this Act is vested in Her Majesty as part of the hereditary land revenues of the Crown subject to certain outstanding leases, estates, and interests:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, All the estate and interest of Her Majesty in the land delineated on the deposited plans and described in the deposited books of reference shall, on the date of the payment of the consideration payable for that estate and interest in pursuance of this Act to the Commissioners of Wools (in this Act referred to as the date of completion) vest in the Commissioners subject to any outstanding leases, estates, or interests therein, and the Commissioners may purchase and acquire, for the purposes of this Act, all or any of those outstanding leases, estates, and interests.

2. — (1.) For the purpose of the purchase and acquisition of land under this Act the Lands Clau.es Acts shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be incorporated with this Act, with the following exceptions and modifications: —

(a.) Th.* provisions relating to the sale of superfluous land and access to the special Act and section one hundred and thirty -

1897.

Public Offices (Whitehall) Site Act, 1897.

Ch. 27.

89

three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (relating to land tax and poor rate), shall not be incorporated with this Act:

(b.) In the construction of this Act, and of the incorporated . > Acts, this Act shall be deemed to be the “ special Act, ” and

- the Commissioners shall be deemed to be the “ promoters of the undertaking ”:

(c.) The bond required by section eighty-five of the Lands 8 & 9 Vict. Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be under, the common c-18« seal of the Commissioners, and shall be sufficient without the addition of the sureties mentioned in that section:

(d.) All claims for compensation made upon the Commissioners under this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, shall, if the person claiming has no greater interest in the land in respect of which compensation is claimed than as tenant from year . / to year, or as a leaseholder for any term of which not more

than eighteen months remain unexpired at the time at which the elaim is made, b3 determined in manner provided by

- section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses 8 & 9 Vict.

Consolidation Act, 1845. c. 18.

' (2) The powers of the Commissioners for the compulsory purchase of land under this Act shall cease after the expiration of three years from the passing of this Act.

3. — (1.) The consideration payable to Her Majesty for her estate Consideration and interest in the land vested in the Commissioners under this

Act shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, be Lands, agreed upon by the Treasury and the Commissioners of Woods, or 8 & 9 Vict. in default of-agreement ascertained, having regard to the con- c- l8‘ siderations mentioned in section sixty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, by a surveyor appointed for the purpose by the Treasury.

(2.) The consideration so payable to Her Majesty shall be paid to the Commissioners of Woods, and shall be carried to the account of the capital of the land revenues of the Crown and applied as part thereof.

(3.) The Apportionment Act, 1870, shall apply in the case of any 33 &84 Vict rents due in respect of the land vested in the Commissioners under c-85-this Act, and those rents, if accruing due before the date of completion, shall be payable to the Commissioners of Woods, and if accruing due after that date shall be payable to the Commissioners.

(4.) The Commissioners shall pay ull covts and expenses incurred by Her Majesty or by the Commissioners of Woods in relation to the valuation of the land or the vesting thereof under this Act.

4. — (1.) The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund Issue and or the growing produce thereof such sums not exceeding in the ^oney for whole five hundred thousand pounds as may be required by the purposes of Commissioners for the payment of the consideration payable to Her Act-Majesty for her estate and interest in the land vested in the Commissioners under this Act, and for the purchase and acquisition of

40

Ch. 27.

29 & 80 Vict. c. 39.

Land tax.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 29.

Extinction of rights of way and other easements.

Public Offices (Whitehall) Site 60 & 61 VICT. Act, 1897.

the lease3, estates, and interests, authorised to be purchased and acquired under this Act, and for such purposes connected with the acquisition of the site of the new buildings for the War Office and other public offices as the Treasury may approve.

(2.) The Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time for the purpose of providing money for the issue of sums out of the Consolidated Fund under this Act, or the repayment to that fund of all or any part of the sums so issued, borrow money by means of terminable annuities for such period not exceeding fifty years from the passing of this Act as the Treasury may fix, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3.) The said annuities shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for the service of the Commissioners of Works; and, if those moneys are insufficient, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof.

(4.) The Commissioners shall, within six months after the end of every financial year in which money is issued under this section, cause to be made out an account, in the form required by the Treasury, showing the money expended and borrowed, and the securities created under this Act, and the accounts of expenditure under this Act shall be audited and reported upon by the Comptroller and Auditor General as appropriation accounts in manner directed by the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866.

5. — (1.) Any land tax assessed on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven on any part of the land vested in the Commissioners under this Act shall, as from the date of completion, be deemed to have been redeemed at the price and in accordance with the conditions provided by the Finance Act, 1896, and the Land Tax Acts therein defined; and after the date of completion no sum shall be assessed or charged in respect of land tax on any part of the land so vested.

(2.) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall grant a certificate of exoneration from assessment to land tax of the lands so vested, and that certificate shall be registered by the officer appointed for the registry of contracts for the redemption of land tax.

6. — (1.) All rights of way, rights of laying down or of continuing any pipes, sewers, or drains, on, through, or under, any of the land vested in or acquired by the Commissioners under the provisions of this Act, and all other rights and easements in or relating to that land, shall be extinguished, and all the soil of those ways, and the property in the pipes, sewers, and drains, shall vest in the Commissioners.

(2.) Provided that any persons may recover from the Commissioners such compensation (if any) as they may be entitled to under any of the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts for any rights or property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this section, and the amount of that compensation shall be determined in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts as modified for the purpose of their incorporation with this Act.

1897.

Public Offices (WSite

Act, 189/.

Cu. 27.

41

(3.) This section shall be subject, so far as regards the sewers situated under the lands vested in the Commissioners under this Act, to the following provisions, namely:—

(a.)The London County Council shall, on being required to do so by the Commissioners, construct a new sewer on the lines coloured red on the plan signed by the Right Honourable Aretas Akers-Douglas, the chairman of the Committee of the House of Commons to whom the Bill for this Act was referred, and the Council shall proceed with all reasonable despatch to construct the said sewer in accordance with the plans, specifications, and particulars, agreed between the Commissioners and the Council.

(b.) When and so soon as the said sewer is completed, with all necessary incidental works and appliances, and connected with the existing sewer, so much of the existing sewers as are situate on the land vested in the Commissioners under this Act may be removed and dealt with by them as they think fit.

(<?.) The proper costs and expenses of the Council in the construction of the said substituted sewer and necessary incidental works and appliances shall be repaid to the Council by the Commissioners.

7. The Commissioners and their surveyors, officers, and workmen may at all reasonable time in the daytime, on giving twenty-four hours' notice in writing, enter on any of the land which is vested in the Commissioners, or which they are authorised to acquire under this Act, for the purpose of surveying or valuing the land.

8. The Commissioners may erect all such buildings, execute all such works, and do all such other things, ai may in their opinion be necessary or proper for the purpose of providing new buildings for public offices on the land vested in or acquired by them under this Act, and appropriating any such land for the purpose.

9. — (1.) Where, in the removal or pulling down of any buildings or in raising or lowering the ground of any street or way for the purpose of this Act, it is necessary to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the position relatively to the surface of the ground of any pipe, wire, or other apparatus laid down or used by any gas, water, or electricity company, or connected with any house or building for the supply of gas, water, or electricity —

(a) one month's notice shall be given to the company previously to the commencement of any such work; and

(b) the work shall be executed to the reasonable satisfaction of the engineer of the company, or in case of difference of an engineer to be selected by the Board of Trade; and

(c) every such work shall be so executed as to cause as little

inconvenience as circumstances will admit to the company; and

Power to enter on lands.

Power of Commissioners to build.

Protection of works of gas, water, and electricity companies.

42

Ch. 27, 28.

Application of Commissioners of Works Acts. 15 & 16 Vict. c. 28.

Signature of notices, &c.

Penalty for obstructing Commissioners.

[Short title.]

Public Offices (WSite

Act, 1897.

GO & 61 Vict.

(d) the Commissioners shall make compensation to the company for all loss or damage, if any, which may be occasioned by the execution of any of the works authorised by this Act.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the expression “gas, water, or electricity company ” includes any person or body of persons supplying gas, water, or electricity.

10. The provisions of the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852, and any Act amending that Act, shall apply in the case of land vested in or acquired by the Commissioners under this Act in like manner as in the case of land purchased under that Act: provided that the Commissioners shall not, without the consent of the Commissioners of Woods, sell or exchange any est-ite or interest which is vested in them by virtue of this Act and which was at the time of the passing of this Act vested in Her Majesty as part of the hereditary land revenues of the Crown.

11. Any notice, summons, writ, or other document required to-be given, issued, or signed, by or on behalf of the Commissioners, may be given, issued, or signed by the secretary or assistant secretary of the Commissioners, and need not be under their common seal.

12. If any person wilfully obstructs any person acting under the authority of the Commissioners in the lawful exercise of their powers under this Act, he shall for each offence be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

13. This Act may be cited as the Public Offices (Whitehall) Site Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act, 1896, as respects Female Nurses appointed after the commencement of the said Act. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Saving as to female nurses.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 50.

L Any female nurse appointed after the passing of this Act by any authority to whom the Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act, 1896, applies, who shall within two months from the date of her appointment signify in writing to such authority her intention not to avail herself of the provisions of the said Act, shall not be required to make any contribution or to submit to any deduction from her salary or wages under the said Act, and shall not be entitled to receive any superannuation allowance, gratuity, or other benefit under the said Act

1897. Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act Ch. 28, 29.

Amendment, 1897.

43

Any female nurse appointed after the commencement of the Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act, 1896, and before the passing of this Act, who shall, within one month from the passing thereof, signify her intention in writing not to avail herself of the provisions of the Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act, 1896, shall not be required to make any cmtiibution or to submit to any deduction from her salary or wages under the said Act, and shall not be entitled to receive any superannuation allowance, gratuity, or other benefit under the said Act, and shall he entitled to repayment of any contributions made by her to the fund of the authority by whom she has been employed under the provisions of the said Act.

In this section the term “ nurse ” includes any assistant nurse and attendant on the sick or insane.

2. Tiiis Act may be cited as the Poor Law Officers Super- Short title, annuation Act Amendment Act, 1897.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the borrowing of Money by Guardians and Managers of District Schools and Asylums, and to explain the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) A loan raised after the passing of this Act under Provisions a© section two of the Poor Law Act, 1889, shall he repaid within such to poor law period, not exceeding sixty years, as the guardians or managers 53 Vict. with the sanction of the Local Government Board may determine, c. 56. either by equal yearly or half yearly instalments of principal or principal and interest, or by means of a sinking fund.

(2.) The sinking fund shall be set apart, invested, and applied in accordance with the Local Loans Act, 1875, and the Acts 38 & 39 Vict. amending that Act, and for the purpose of such application the c* 83, prescribed rate shall be a rate not exceeding three per cent, per annum. Provided that the guardians or managers shall not invest in their own securities.

(3.) Where any such loan has been contracted to be repaid by annual instalments, it may, with the consent of the lenders, be repaid by half-yearly instalments.

(4.) Guardians and managers may borrow money under the said section two, without the consent of the Local Government

CHAPTER 29.

D 2

44

Ch. 29.

l'oor Law 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

Explanation and amendment of 30 & 31 Vict c. 6.

Rep eal.

[Short title.]

Board, for the purpose of lepnying any outstanding part of any loan borrowed either before or after the passing of the Poor Law Act, 1889, which they have power to repay.

(5.) Any money so borrowed shall be repaid in the manner directed by this Act and within the same period as that originally sanctioned for the repayment of the loan, unless the Local Government Board consent to the period for repayment being enlarged, but that period shall not exceed sixty years from the date of the original borrowing.

(6.) For the purpose of this section the expression “outstanding” means not repaid by instalments, or by means of a sinking fund, or out of capital money properly applicable to the purpose of repayment other than money borrowed for that purpose.

2. The power to provide land and buildings under the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, is hereby declared to include power to provide any land or buildings which may, in the opinion of the Local Government Board, be required for the purposes of that Act, and the provisions of section two of the Poor Law Act, 1889, with respect to loans by guarJian3 of unions as amended by this Act, shall apply, for the purpose of borrowing under the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, instead of section seventeen of the last-mentioned Act, but with the substitution of “ one-tenth of the rateable value of the district ” for “ one-fourth ” of the rateable value of the union.

3. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

4. This Act may be cited as the Poor Law Act, 1897.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76. - The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834. Section twenty-four from. “ and that any loan '* to the end of the section.

6 &7 Will. 4. c. 107. The Poor Relief (Loans) Act, 1836. The whole Act.

30 31 Vict. c. 6. - The Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867. Section seventeen.

1807. Poor Law Act, 1897. Ch. 20, 30.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

81 & 32 Vict. c. 122. The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868. Section thirty-five' from the commencement of the section to “ thirty years; and'*.

32 & 33 Vict. o. 45. - The Unions Loan Act, 1869. Section five.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 11. - The Poor Law Loans Act, 1871. Sections one and three.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 54. - The Poor Law Act, 1879 - Section twelve.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 56. - The Poor Law Act, 1889 - In section two the words “and be paid off in “ the like time and “ manner and be “ borrowed and re- borrowed in the “ like manner, ” and the words “and to “ the managers of any “ asylum district not “ being the Metro* politan Asylum “ District.”

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to make further provision with respect to the Disposal of Property in the Possession of the Police.

[6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where any property has come into the possession of the police in connexion with any criminal charge or under section sixty-six of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1839, section forty-eight of the Act of the session of the second and third years of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-four (local), for regulating the Police in the city of London, section one hundred and three of the Larceny Act, 1861, or section thirty-four of the Pawnbrokers Act, 1872, a court of summary jurisdiction may, on application either by an officer of police or by a claimant of the property, make an order for the delivery of the property to the person appearing to the magistrate or court to be the owner thereof, or, if the owner cannot be ascertained, make such order with respect to the property as to the magistrate or court may seem meet.

Power to make orders with respect to property in possession of police.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 47.

2 & 3 Vict. c. xciv.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 93.

46 Ch. 30. Police (Properly) , 1897. CO & Cl Vict.

(2.) An crder under this section shall not affect the right of any person to take within six months from the date of the order legal proceedings against any person in possession of property delivered by virtue of the order for the recovery of the property, but on the expiration of those six months the right shall cease.

(3.) Ip any part of the metropolitan police district for which a police court is established under the Metropolitan Police Courts Acts, 1839 and 1840, the powers of a court of summary jurisdiction under this section shall be exercised by a metropolitan police magistrate.

Regulations with respect to unclaimed property in possession of police.

2. — (1.) A Secretary of State may make regulations for the disposal of property which has como into the possession of the police under the circumstances mentioned in this Act in cases where the owner of the property has not been ascertained and no order of a competent court has been made with respect thereto.

(2.) The regulations may authorise the sale of any such property, and the application of the proceeds of any such sale, and the application of any money of which the owner cannot be ascertained, to all or any of the following purposes:—

(a) the expenses of executing the regulations;

(b) the payment of reasonable compensation to any person by whom the property has been delivered into the possession of the police;

(c) the making of payments for the benefit of discharged prisoners or of persons dependent on prisoners or discharged prisoners; or

(cZ) such other purposes as the Secretary of State may consider expedient.

(3.) Where the property is a perishable article or its custody involves unreasonable expense or inconvenience it may be sold at any time, but the proceeds of sale shall not be disposed of until they have remained in the possession of the police for a year. In any other case the property shall not be sold until it has remained in the possession of the police for a year.

(4.) The regulations may also provide for the investment of money and for the audit of accounts.

(5.) The regulations shall apply whether the property tc which they relate has come into the possession of the police before or after the passing of this Act or the making of the regulations.

(6.) The regulations shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made.

Extent, 3. — (1.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

repeal, and (2.) In the application of this Act to Ireland, the Chief Secretary

short title. shall be substituted for the Secretary of State.

2 & 3 Vict. (3.) Sections twenty-nine and thirty of the Metropolitan Police Ct 71* Courts Act, 1839, are hereby repealed.

(4.) Tiiis Act may be cited as the Police (Property) Act, 1897.

1897.

Cleansing of Persons Act, 1897.

Ch. 31.

47

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to permit Local Authorities to provide Cleansing and Disinfection for Persons infested with Vermin.

[6th August 1697.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. On and after the passing of this Act any local authority shall Power to have the power, when in their discretion they shall see fit, to permit any person who shall apply to the said authority, on the provide ground that he is infested with vermin, to have the use, free of cleansing, charge, of the apparatus (if any) which the authority possess for cleansing the person and his clothing from vermin. The use of infested with such apparatus shall not be considered to be parochial relief or vermin, charitable allowance to the person using the same, or to the parent of such person, and no such person or parent shall by reason thereof be deprived of any right or privilege or be subject to any disqualification or disability.

Local authorities may expend any reasonable sum on buildings, appliances, and attendants that may be required for the carrying out of this Act, and any expenses for these purposes may be defrayed out of any rate or fund applicable by the authority for general sanitary purposes or for the relief of the poor.

2. In this Act “local authority” means in England the council Definition, of any county borough, the district council of any district, any board of guardians, and in the county of London any sanitary authority as defined in the Public Health (London) Act, 1891. 54 & 55 Vict.

3. In the application of this Act to Scotland, “ local authority ” 761'ication means and includes any local authority under the Public Health Scotland. (Scotland) Act, 1867, and any Acts amending that Act; but the so & 31 Vict. local authority shall not erect buildings for the purposes of section c*101, one hereof, except with the sanction of the Local Government Board for Scotland.

4. In the application of this Act to Ireland, — Application to

(1.) The expression “local authority” means a sanitary authority Ireland* under the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1896:

(2.) Any expenses incurred by a local authority in the execution of this Act shall be paid as part of the expenses of such authority in the execution of the Public Health (Ireland)

Acts, 1878 to 1896, and in the case of a rural authority shall be general expenses:

(3.) A local authority shall not purchase or erect buildings for the purposes of this Act without the consent of the Local Government Board for Ireland.

5. This Act may te cited as the Cleansing of Persons Act, Short title. 1897.

48

Ch. 32, 33. School Board Conference, 1897. CO & 61 Vict,

Payment of school board conference expenses.

[Short title.]

Removal of doubts ns to applicability of Church

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to provide for Expenses incurred by School Boards in relation to School Board Conferences.

[6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The school board of any district may, subject to regulations made by the Education 'Department under this Act, pay out of the school fund —

(a) the reasonable expenses of any members of the board, or of the clerk to the board, in attending any conference of school boards held for the purpose of discussing any matter connected with the duties devolving upon them; and (h) any reasonable annual or other subscription towards the expenses of the conference.

(2.) A school board shall not pay under this Act the expenses of more than three persons attending a school board conference.

(3.) The Education Department may make such regulations as they think fit for regulating payments and the amount of payment by school boards under this Act.

(4.) Expressions used in this Act have the same respective meanings as they have in the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1893.

2. This Act may be cited as the School Board Conference Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to remove doubts as to the applicability of the Church Building Acts and New Parishes Acts to the Isle of Man. [6th August 1897.]

\\7HEREAS doubts have been entertained as to whether and ' how far the Church Building Acts and the New Parishes Acts extend to the Isle of Man, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Church Building Acts, 1818 to 1884, and the New Parishes Acts, 1843 to 1884, shall be construed as not extending to the Isle of Man.

1897.

49

Isle of Man (Church Building and Ch. 33, 34, 35.

New Parishes) Act, 1897.

Provided that any order made for the Isle of Man under any of Building Acts those Acts before the passing of this Act shall, unless it has before J^Jjd^Acta that date been declared invalid by any court of competent jurisdic- to i8ie of lion, be valid, but may be revoked or altered by or in pursuance of Man. an Act of Tynwald.

2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Church Building Short title, and New Parishes) Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to enable Returning Officers at Municipal Elections in Scotland to take the use of certain rooms free of charge. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section six of the Ballot Act, 1872, shall apply in the case UseofschooJ-of municipal elections in Scotland, (that is to say) the returning rooms, officer at such an election may use, free of charge, for the purpose eieSfonTfree of taking the poll, any room in a school receiving a grant out of of charge, moneys provided by Parliament, and any room the expense of C35 36 vict* maintaining which is payable out of any local rate, but he shall c‘ 83‘ make good any damage done to such room and defray any expense incurred by the person or body of persons, corporate or unincorporate, having control over the same, on account of its being used for the purpose of taking the poll as aforesaid.

“ Municipal election” means the election of town councillors or burgh commissioners.

2. This Act may be cited as the Municipal Elections (Scotland) Short title. Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to make further provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Rojal Navy. [Sth August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, Without prejudice to any existing powers, the Admiralty Power for may forthwith proceed to construct the works as specified in the Admiralty to

construct

50

(JO & 61 Vict.

scheduled.

works.

Issue of money for works mentioned in schedule.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 6.

Application of surplus income of year 1895-6 for expenses of scheduled works.

[Short title.]

Ch. 35. Naval Works Act, 1807.

schedule to this Act at the places therein mentioned, and for that purpose may acquire such lands and execute such works as they may deem expedient.

2. In addition to any sum authorised to be issued under any other Act, the Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof such sums, not exceeding in the whole six hundred and fifty-four thousand pounds, as may be required by the Admiralty for defraying the costs of the works specified in the schedule to this Act, subject to the terms and conditions in sections three and five of the Naval Works Act, 1896, and those sections shall be construed as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act.

3. The surplus set apart under section four of the Naval Works Act, 1896, may be applied in paying any sums authorised to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund by this or any future Act for the purpose of the works specified in the schedule to this Act, whether included or not in the schedule to the Naval Works Act, 1896.

4. This Act may be cited as the Naval Works Act, 1897.

SCHEDULE.

Heads of Proposed Expenditure.

Works. Total Estimated Cost, 1897. Expected Date of Completion. Estimated Expenditure to 31st March 1*37. j Estimated Expenditure from 1st April ISM to 31st March 1837. Estimated Expenditure for the Year 1897-98.

1. 2. 3. 4. 4a. 5.

(a.) Enclosure nnd Defence of Harbours — Gibraltar - -, ! £ I 1, 020,000* 1899-1900 1 £ 341, 072 £ 190,000 i £ 320,000

Gibraltar, Commercial Mole I 600/ 001 1900-1 - - j 150,000

Portland - 050,000+ | 1900-1 173, 310 112,000 200,000

Dover (including 35,000l. for Fixed Machinery). 3, 500,000 1907-8 8, 485 3,000 200,000

(6.) Adapting Naval Ports to present Needs of Fleet — Deepening harbours and approaches - 900,000§ 1899-1900 518.559 183,000 1 200,000

* Estimate reduced by 48,000l. for dolphins replaced by Commercial Mole.

t The total estimated cost of the Commercial Mule is 700.000/.. iiu-1uiI.uk 31,000l. for superintendence under item (d). Fuur-seventlis of this sum is to be repaid by the colony of Gibraltar in the form of an annuity of l t.oooo/. per annum for 57 years from the opening of the Mole, to be credited as an appropriation in aid of Navy Vote 10.

X An expenditure of 40, 5 13/.was incurred during 1R9S-4 and 1891-5 in erect ing dolphins on the line of the breakwater, and was charged to Vote 10 in those years. This is m addition to the estimate of 650,000l.

§ Exclusive of the cost of dredging plant purchased prior to 81st Ma; ch 18T5.

1897.

Naval Works Act, 1897. Ch. 35.

Heads of Proposed Expenditure — continued.

51

Estimated

Estimated Expen- Estimated

Total Expected Expenditure Expen-

Works. Estimated Dat e of diture from diture

Cost, Com- to 31st 1st April for the

1897. pletion. March 1896 to Year

1897. 31st March 1897-98.

1897.

1. 2. 3. 4. 4a. 5.

(6.) Adapting Naval Ports, Ac £ £ £ £

Keyham Dockyard Extension (including 175,000*. for Fixed Machinery). 3, 175,000 1903-4 88, 204 82,000 459,000

Portsmouth Docks 375,000 1897-8 369, 096 60,000 6, 904

Gibraltar D ckyard Extension(includ- 2, 674,000 1899-1900 123, 597 70,000 250,000

ing 63.000*. for Fixed Machinery).

Hong Kong Dockyard Extension 575, 500 1903-4 3,000 3,000 100,000

(including 40,000*. for Fixed Machinery).

Colombo Dock ..... 159,000 1902-3 — — 15,000

(Pembroke Jetty. Ac. (including 20,000*. | for Fixed Machinery). 110,000 1899-1900 200 200 30.000

« J Portsmouth — Widening caisson - 60,000 1898-9 — — 30,000

1 Haulhowline improvements (including L 14, 500*. for Fixed Machinery). 64, 500 1899-1900 8, 294 8, 29-4 15,000

(c.) Naval Barracks, Ac. —

Chatham Naval Barracks 890,000 1900-1 7, 741 4, 447 150,000

Slieemes8 Naval Barracks (including 220,000 1900-1 75, 650

20,000*. for Fixed Machinery).

Portsmouth Naval Barracks 595,000 1900-1 — — 100,000

Keyham Naval Barracks 160,000 1900-1 — - 50,000

Chatham Naval Hospital 341,000 1900-1 26, 200 26, 200 50,000

Walmer Marine Dep6t - 20,000 1897-8 17.654 4, 653 2, 346

Keyham Engineers' College 30,000 1897-8 15, 961 12, 700 14,000

Dartmouth College for Naval Cadets - 196,000 1899-1900 — 100,000

Magazines (including 25,000*. for Fixed Machinery). 485,000 1899-1900 14,000 14,000 150,000

Haslar Zymotic Hospital (including 68, 500 1899-1900 — — 10,000

500*. for Fixed Machinery). Haulhowline Zymotic Hospital (in- 10, 500 1898-9

5,000

cluding 500*. for Fixed Machinery).

(<*.) Superintendence and Miscellaneous Charges, 790,000 — 47, 458 35,000 70,000

£ 17, 304,000 — 1, 760, 861 809, 494 2, 742, 900

Total of columns and 5 - - £4, 5O3.701t

* Transferred from Navy Tote 10 for 1800-97.

t Total estimated expenditure to 31st March 1898 4, 503, 761

Amount already provided, viz.

Expenditure out of Navy Votes (8 and 10) prior to inclusion of works in Loan Acts 239, 761')

Provision in Act of 1895, 1,000,000*., less 140,000*. lapsed - . . 860,000 > 3, 849, 761

Provision in Act of 1896 - 2, 750,000)

Amount to be provided by this Act

- 654,000

52

Ch. 3G.

Out-door Relief (Ireland) A, 1S97. GO & G1 Vict.

Extension of power to grant outdoor relief in food and fuel.

25 & 20 Vict. c. 83.

Confirmation of expenditure by guardians and indemnity.

Power to borrow money and mortgage rates.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to make temporary provision for the Relief of Distress in Ireland. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) At any time before the first day of September, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, the Local Government Board for Ireland may, if they think fit, by order under their seal authorise the board of guardians of any poor law union to administer relief in food or fuel, out of the workhouse, for any time not exceeding two months from the date of such order, to any poor persons resident in the union, and the said Board may, by a like order, revoke any such order either wholly or partly or with reference to any particular person or class of persons.

(2.) On the receipt by the guardians of any union of any order of the said Board authorising such relief, the guardians shall make provision for affording such relief accordingly for such time and on such conditions as may be specified in the order, or until the order is revoked.

(3.) The proviso in section two of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1862, shall not apply in the case of any persons for whom relief is authorised under this Act.

(4.) The expenses incurred in affording relief to any person relieved under this Act shall be charged in the same manner as if such expenses had been incurred in affording relief in the work-house to such person under the Pcor Relief (Ireland) Acts, 1838 to 1892.

2. If at any time before the passing of this Act any outlay ha9 been made by any board of guardians with the sanction of the Local Government Board for Ireland for the purpose of providing out door relief in food or fuel, such outlay and all resolutions and proceedings of the board of guardians and of their officers in relation thereto shall be ratified and confirmed, and be as valid and effectual as if the outlay had been made and the resolutions and proceedings had been passed and taken under the authority and in compliance with the provisions of this Act; and all persons who have acted in any manner in making any such, outlay or otherwise in providing such relief shall be released and indemnified from and against any penalties and surcharges in consequence thereof.

3. The board of guardians of any poor law union may, with the sanction of the Local Government Board for Ireland, and subject to such conditions as to the period and mode of repayment, rate of interest, and otherwise, as that Board may prescribe, borrow and take up at interest on the credit of the rates of such of the electoral divisions of the union as the guardians, with the sanction of the Local Government Board for Ireland, may determine, any sums of money necessary for the pui-pose of carrying the provisions of

1897.

Out-door Relief (Ireland) , 1897. Ch. 36, 37.

53

this Act into execution; and for securing the repayment of any sums so borrowed, with interest thereon, the guardians may mortgage to the persons by or on behalf of whom such sum3 are advanced the rates leviable on such electoral divisions.

4. No electoral disability or loss of any parliamentary or other Out-door

franchise shall be incurred by any person by reason of a grant of ^fv°otto out-door relief having been made to him under this Act, or by electoral reason of any such grant ratified under this Act. disability.

5. This Act may be cited as the Out-door Relief (Ireland) Short title. Act, 1897.

U O WV V VVfW V/V\)

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Compensation to Workmen for accidental Injuries suffered in the course of their Employment. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) If in any employment to which this Act applies Liability of personal injury by accident arisir g out of and in the course of the certain employment is caused to a workman, his employer shall, subject workme^for as herein-after mentioned, be liable to pay compensation in injuries, accordance with the First Schedule to this Act.

(2.) Provided that: —

(a.) The employer shall not be liable under this Act in respect of any injury which does not disable the workman for a period of at least two weeks from earning full wages at the work at which he was employed;

(b.) When the injury was caused by the personal negl'gence or wilful act of the employer, or of some person for whose act or default the employer is responsible, nothing in this Act shall affect any civil liability of the employer, but in that case the workman may, a *, his option, either claim compensation under this Act, or take the same proceedings as were open to him before the commencement of this Act; but the employer shall not be liable to pay compensation for injury to a workman by accident arising out of and in the course of the employment both independently of and also under this Act, and shall not be liable to any proceedings independently of this Act, except in case of such personal negligence or wilful act as aforesaid;

(c.) If it is proved that the injury to a workman is attributable to the serious and wilful misconduct of that workman, any compensation claimed in respect of that injury shall be disallowed.

(3.) If any question arises in any proceedings under this Act as to the liability to pay compensation under this Act (including any

54

Cu. 37.

Workmen's Compensation Act, 1S97. 60 & 61 Vict.

question as to whether the employment is one to which this Act applies), or as to the amount or duration of compensation under this Act, the question, if not settled by agreement, shall, subject to the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act, be settled by arbitration, in accordance with the Second Schedule to this Act.

(4.) If, within the time herein-after in this Act limited for taking proceedings, an action is brought to recover damages independently of this Act for injury caused by any accident, and it is determined in such action that the injury is one for which the employer is not liable in such action, but that he would have been liable to pay compensation under the provisions of this Act, the action shall be dismissed; but the court in which the action is tried shall, if the plaintiff shall so choose, proceed to assess such compensation, and shall be at liberty to deduct from such compensation all the costs which, in its judgment, have been caused by the plaintiff bringing the action instead of proceeding under this Act.

In any proceeding under this sub-section, when the court assesses the compensation it shall give a certificate of the compensation it has awarded and the directions it has given as to the deduction for costs, and such certificate shall have the force and effect of an award under this Act.

(5.) Nothing in this Act shall affect any proceeding for a fine under the enactments relating to mines or factories, or the application of any such fine, but if any such fine, or any part thereof, has been applied for the benefit of the person injured, the amount so applied shall be taken into account in estimating the compensation under this Act.

Time for taking proceedings.

2. — (1.) Proceedings for the recovery under this Act of compensation for an injury shall not be maintainable unless notice of the accident has been given as soon as practicable after the happening thereof and before the workman has voluntarily left the employment in which he was injured, and unless the claim for compensation with respect to such accident has been made within six months from the occurrence of the accident causing the injury, or, in case of death, within six months from the time of death. Provided always that the want of or any defect or inaccuracy in such notice shall not be a bar to the maintenance of such proceedings, if it is found in the proceedings for settling the claim that the employer is not prejudiced in his defence by the want, defect, or inaccuracy, or that such want, defect, or inaccuracy was occasioned by mistake or other reasonable cause.

(2.) Notice in respect of an injury under this Act shall give the name and address of the person injured, and shall state in ordinary language the cause of the injury and the date at which it was sustained, and shall be served on the employer, or, if there is more than one employer, upon one of such employers.

(3.) The notice may be served by delivering the same to or at the residence or place of business of the person on whom it is to be served.

1897.

Workmen's Compensation, 1897.

Ch. 37.

(4.) The notice may also be served by post by a registered letter addressed to the person on whom it is to be served at his last known place of residence or place of business, and if served by post shall be deemed to have been served at the time when the letter containing the same would have been delivered in the ordinary course of post, and in proving the service of such notice it shall be sufficient to prove that the notice was properly addressed and registered.

(5.) Where the employer is a body of persons corporate or unincorporate, the notice may also be served by delivering the same at, or by sending it by post in a registered letter addressed to the employer at, the office, or, if there be more than one office, any one of the offices of such body.

3. — (1.) If the Registrar of Friendly Societies, after taking steps Contracting to ascertain the views of the employer and workmen, certifies that out* any scheme of compensation, benefit, or insurance for the workmen of an employer in any employment, whether or not such scheme includes other employers and their workmen, is on the whole not less favourable to the general body of workmen and their dependants than the provisions of this Act, the employer may, until the certificate is revoked, contract with any of those workmen that the provisions of the scheme shall be substituted for the provisions of this Act, and thereupon the employer shall be liable only in accordance with the scheme, but, save as aforesaid, this Act shall apply notwithstanding any contract to the contrary made after the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The registrar may give a certificate to expire at the end of a limited period not less than five years.

(3) No scheme shall be so certified which contains an obligation upon the workmen to join the scheme as a condition of their hiring.

(4.) If complaint is made to the Registrar of Friendly Societies by or on behalf of the workmen of any employer that the provisions of any scheme are no longer on the whole so favourable to the general body of workmen of such employer and their dependants as the provisions of this Act, or that the provisions of such scheme are being violated, or that the scheme is not being fairly administered, or that satisfactory reasons exist for revoking the certificate, the registrar shall examine into the complaint, and, if satisfied that good cause exists for such complaint, shall, unless the cause of complaint is removed, revoke the certificate.

(5.) When a certificate is revoked or expires any moneys or securities held for the purpose of the scheme shall be distributed as may be arranged between the employer and workmen, or as may be determined by the Registrar of Friendly Societies in the event of a difference of opinion.

(6.) Whenever a scheme has been certified as aforesaid, it shall be the duty of the employer to answer all such inquiries and to furnish all such accounts in regard to the scheme as may be made or required by the Registrar of Friendly Societies.

}Vorfallen8 Compensation A, 1 60 & Cl Vict.

56

Sub-con-

tracting.

Compensation to 'workmen in case of bankruptcy of employer.

Recovery of damages from stranger.

Ch. 37.

(7.) The Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies shall include in his annual report the particulars of the proceedings of the registrar under this Act.

4. Where, in an employment to which this Act applies, the undertakers as herein-after defined contract with any person for the execution by or under such contractor of any work, and the undertakers would, if such work were executed by workmen immediately employed by them, be liable to pay compensation under this Act to those workmen in respect of any accident arising out of and in the course of their employment, the undertakers shall be liable to pay to anj' workman employed in the execution of the work any compensation which is payable to the workman (whether under this Act or in respect of personal negligence or wilful act independently of this Act) by such contractor, or would be so payable if such contractor were an employer to whom this Act applies.

Provided that the undertakers shall be entitled to be indemnified by any other person who would have been liable independently of this section.

This section shall not apply to any contract with any person for the execution by or under such contractor of any work which is merely ancillary or incidental to, and is no part of, or process in, the trade or business carried on by such undertakers respectively.

5. — (1.) Where any employer becomes liable under this Act to pay compensation in respect of any accident, and is entitled to any sum from insurers in respect of the amount due to a workman under such liability, then in the event of the employer becoming bankrupt, or making a composition or arrangement with his creditors, or if the employer is a company of the company having commenced to be wound up, such workman shall have a first charge upon the sum aforesaid for the amount so due, and the judge of the county court may direct the insurers to pay such sum into the Post Office Savings Bank in the name of the registrar of such court, and order the same to be invested or applied in accordance with the provisions of the First Schedule hereto with reference to the investment in the Post Office Savings Bank of any sum allotted as compensation, and those provisions shall apply accordingly.

(2.) In the application of this section to Scotland, the words “have a first charge upon ” shall mean “ be preferentially entitled to. *

6. Where the injury for which compensation is payable under this Act was caused under circumstances creating a legal liability in some person other than the employer to pay damages in respect thereof, the workman may, at his option, proceed, either at law against that person to recover damages, or against his employer for compensation under this Act, but not against both, and if compensation be paid under this Act, the employer shall be entitled to be indemnified by the said other person.

1897.

Workmen's Compensation Act, 1897.

Ch. 37.

57

7. — (1.) This Act shall apply only to employment by the Application undertakers as herein-after defined, on or in or about a railway, ^tions factory, mine, quarry, or engineering work, and to employment by the undertakers as herein-after defined on in or about any building which exceeds thirty feet in height, and is either being constructed or repaired by means of a scaffolding, or being demolished, or on which machinery driven by steam, water, or other mechanical power, is being used for the purpose of the construction, repair, or demolition thereof.

(2.) In this Act —

“ Railway” means the railway of any railway company to

which the Regulation of Railways Act, 1S73, applies, 86 & 37 Vict. and includes a light railway made under the Light c*4S* Railways Act, 1896; and “railway” and “railway com- Vict '

pany ” have the same meaning as in the said Acts of 1873 and 1896:

“ Factory ” has the same meaning as in the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1878 to 1891, and also includes any dock, wharf, quay, warehouse, machinery, or plant, to which any provision of the Factory Acts is applied by the Factory and Workshop Act, 1895, and every laundry gg & 59 Vict. worked by steam, water, or other mechanical power: c. 37.

“Mine* means a mine to which the Coal Mines Regulation 50 & 51 Vict. Act, 1887, or the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 5J- oc -r .

i* 85 » 3o VICT.

1872, applies:c# 77.

“ Quarry” means a quarry under the Quarries Act, 1894. 57 & 58 Vict.

“ Engineering work” means any work of construction or c-alteration or repair of a railroad, harbour, dock, canal, or sewer, and includes any other work for the construction, alteration, or repair of which machinery driven by steam, water, or other mechanical power is used:

“ Undertakers ” in the case of a railway means the railway company; in the case of a factory, quarry, or laundry means the occupier thereof within the meaning of the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1878 to 1895; in the case of a mine means the owner thereof within the meaning of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, or the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872, as the case may be, and in the case of an engineering work means the person undertaking the construction, alteration, or repair; and in the case of a building means the persons undertaking the construction, repair, or demolition:

“ Employer ” includes any body of persons corporate or unincorporate and the legal personal representative of a deceased employer:

“ Workman ” includes every person who is engaged in an employment to which this Act applies, whether by way of manual labour or otherwise, and whether his agreement is one of service or apprenticeship or otherwise, and is expressed or implied, is oral or in writing. Any reference to a workman who has been injured shall.

5jrl^£ the

58

Ch. 37.

Workmen'« Compensation A, 1897. 60 & 61 VICT.

9 & 10 Vict.

c. 93.

Application to workmen in employment of Crown.

50 & 51 Vict. e. 67.

Provision aa to existing contracts.

Commencement of Act and short title.

workman is dead, include a reference to his legal personal representative or to his dependants, or other person to whom compensation is payable:

“ Dependants” means —

(a) in England and Ireland, such members of the workman's family specified in the Fatal Accidents Act, 1846, as were wholly or in part dependent upon the earnings of the workman at the time of his death; and

(b) in Scotland, such of the persons entitled according to the law of Scotland to sue the employer for damages or solatium in respect of the death of the workman, as were wholly or in part dependent upon the earnings of the workman at the time of his death.

(3.) A workman employed in a factory which is a shipbuilding yard shall not be excluded from this Act by reason only that the accident arose outside the yard in the course of his work upon a vessel in any dock, river, or tidal water near the yard.

8. — (1.) This Act shall not apply to persons in the naval or military service of the Crown, but otherwise shall apply to any employment by or under the Crown to which this Act would apply if the employer were a private person.

(2.) The Treasury may, by warrant laid before Parliament, modify for the purposes of this Act their warrant made under section one of the Superannuation Act, 1887, and notwithstanding anything in that Act, or any such warrant, may frame a scheme with a view to its being certified by the Registrar of Friendly Societies under this Act.

9. Any contract existing at the commencement of this Act, whereby a workman relinquishes any right to compensation from the employer for personal injury arising out of and in the course of his employment, shall not, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to continue after the time at which the workman's contract of service would detennine if notice of the determination thereof were given at the commencement of this Act.

XO. — (1.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.

(2.) This Act may be cited as the Workmen's Compensation Act, 1897.

1897. Workmen*8 Compensation Act, 1897. Ch. 37. 59

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Sections 1, 5.

Scale and Conditions of Compensation.

Scale.

(I.) The amount of compensation under this Act shall be —

(a) where death results from the injury —

(i) if the workman leaves any dependants wholly dependent upon his earnings at the time of his death, a sum equal to his earnings in the employment of the same employer during the three years next preceding the injury, or the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds, whichever of those 6ums is the larger, but not exceeding in any case three hundred pounds, provided that the amount of any weekly payments made under this Act shall be deducted from such sum, and if the period of the workman's employment by the said employer has been less than the said three years, then the amount of his earnings during the said three years shall be deemed to be 156 times his average weekly earnings during the period of his actual employment under the said employer;

(ii) if the workman does not leave any such dependants, but leaves any dependants in part dependent upon his earnings at the time of his death, such sum, not exceeding in any case the amount payable under the foregoing provisions, as may be agreed upon, or, hi default of agreement, may be determined, on arbitration under this Act, to be reasonable and proportionate to the injury to the said dependants; and

(iii) if he leaves no dependants, the reasonable expenses of his medical attendance and burial, not exceeding ten pounds;

(b) where total or partial incapacity for work results from the injury, a weekly payment during the incapacity after the second week not exceeding fifty per cent, of his average weekly earnings during the previous twelve months, if he has been so long employed, but if not, then for any less period during which he has been in the employment of the same employer, such weekly payment not to exceed one pound.

(2.) In fixing the amount of the weekly payment, regard shall be had to the difference between the amount of the average weekly earnings of the workman before the accident and the average amount which he is able to earn after the accident, and to any payment not being wages which he may ^receive from the employer in respect of his injury during the period of his incapacity.

(3.) Where a workman has given notice of an accident, he shall, if so required by the employer, submit himself for examination by a duly qualified medical practitioner provided and paid by the employer, and if he refuses to submit himself to such examination, or in any way obstructs the same, his right to compensation, and any proceeding under this Act in relation to compensation, shall be suspended until such examination takes place.

(4.) The payment shall, in ease of death, be made to the legal personal representative of the workman, or, if he has no legal personal representative, to or for the benefit of his dependants, or, if he leaves no dependants, to the person to whom the expenses are due; and if made personal

E 2

Cu. 37.

Workmens Compensation Act, 1897. 69 & 61 Vict.

representative shall be paid by him to or for the benefit of the dependants or other person entitled thereto under this Act.

* ! (5.) Any question as to who is a dependant, or as to the amount payable to each dependant, shall, in default of agreement, be settled by arbitration under this Act.

(6.) The sum allotted as compensation to a dependant may be invested or otherwise applied for the benefit of the person entitled thereto, as agreed, or as ordered by the committee or other arbitrator.

(7.) Any sum which is agreed or is ordered by the committee or arbitrator to be invested may be invested in whole or in part in the Post Office Savings Bank by the registrar of the county court in his name as registrar.

(8.) Any sum to be so invested may be invested in the purchase of an annuity from the National Debt Commissioners through the Post Office Savings Bauk, or be accepted by the Postmaster-General as a deposit in the name of the registrar as such, and the provisions of any statute or regulations respecting the limits of deposits in savings bank, and the declaration to be made by a depositor, shall not apply to such 6ums.

(9.) No part of any money invested in the name of the registrar of any county court in the Post Office Savings Bank under this Act shall be paid out, except upon authority addressed to the Postmaster-General by the Treasury or by the judge of the county court.

(10.) Any person deriving any benefit from any moneys invested in a post office savings bank under the provisions of this Act may, nevertheless, open an account in a post office savings bank or in any other savings bank in his own name without being liable to any penalties imposed by any statute or regulations in respect of the opening of accounts in two savings banks, or of two accounts in the same savings bank.

(11.) Any workman receiving weekly payments under this Act shall, if so required by the employer, or by any person by whom the employer is entitled under this Act to be indemnified, from time to time submit himself for examination by a duly qualified medical practitioner provided and paid by the employer, or such other person; but if the workman objects to an examination by that medical practitioner, or is dis-satisfied by the certificate of such practitioner upon his condition when communicated to him, he may submit himself for examination to one of the medical practitioners appointed for the purposes of this Act, as mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, and the certificate of that medical practitioner as to the condition of the workman at the time of the examination shall be given to the employer and workman, and shall be conclusive evidence of that condition. If the workman refuses to submit himself to such examination, or in any way obstructs the same, his right to such weekly payments shall be suspended until such examination has taken place.

(12.) Any weekly payment may be reviewed at the request either of the employer or of the workman, and on such review may be ended, diminished or increased, subject to the maximum above provided, and the amount of payment shall, in default of agreement, be settled by arbitration under this Act.

(13.) Where any weekly payment has been continued for not less than six months, the liability therefor may, on the application by or on behalf of the employer, be redeemed by the payment of a lump sum, to be settled, in default of agreement, by arbitration under this Act, and such lump sum may be ordered by the committee or arbitrator to be invested or otherwise applied as above mentioned.

(14.) A weekly payment, or a sum paid by way of redemption thereof, shall not be capable of being assigned, charged, or attached, and shall not

61

1897. Workmen's Compensation Act, 1897. Ch. 37.

pass to any other person by operation of law, nor shall any claim be set off against the same.

(15.) Where a scheme certified under this Act provides for payment of compensation by a friendly society, the provisions of the proviso to the first sub-section of section eight, section sixteen, and section forty-one of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, shall not apply to such society in respect 59 & 60 Vict. of such scheme. c* 25 *

(16.) In the application of this schedule to Scotland the expression “registrar of the county court” means “sheriff clerk of the county, ” and “judge of the county court” means “sheriff.”

(17.) In the application of this Act to Ireland the provisions of the County 40 & 41 Vict. Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, with respect to money deposited in c-tho Post Office Savings Bank under that Act shall apply to money invested in the Post Office Savings Bank under this Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section I.

Arbitration.

The following provisions shall apply for settling any matter which under this Act is to be settled by arbitration: —

(1.) If any committee, representative of an employer and his workmen, exists with power to settle matters under this Act in the case of the employer and workmen, the matter shall, unless either party objects, by notice in writing sent to the other party before the committee meet to consider the matter, be settled by the arbitration of such committee, or be referred by them in their discretion to arbitration as herein-after provided.

(2.) If either party so objects, or there is no such committee, or the committee so refers the matter or fails to settle the matter within three months from the date of the claim, the matter shall be settled by a single arbitrator agreed on by the parties, or in the absence of agreement by the county court judge, according to the procedure prescribed by rules of court, or if in England the Lord Chancellor so authorises, according to the like procedure, by a single arbitrator appointed by such county court judge.

(3.) Any arbitrator appointed by the county court judge shall, for the purposes of this Act, have all the powers of a county court judge, and shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament in accordance with regulations to be made by the Treasury.

(4.) The Arbitration Act, 1889, shall not apply to any arbitration under 52 & 53 Vict. this Act; but an arbitrator may, if he thinks fit, submit any question of c- 49* law for the decision of the county court judge, and the decision of the judge on any question of law, either on such submission, or in any case where he himself settles the matter under this Act, shall be final, unless within the time and in accordance with the conditions prescribed by rules of the Supreme Court either party appeals to the Court of Appeal; and the county court judge, or the arbitrator appointed by him, shall, for the purpose of an arbitration under this Act, have the same powers of procuring the attendance of witnesses and the production of documents as if the claim for compensation hod been made by plaint in the county court.

(5.) Buies of court may make provision for the appearance in any arbitration under this Act of any party by some other person.

(6.) The costs of and incident to the arbitration and proceedings connected therewith shall be in the discretion of the arbitrator. The costs, whether before an arbitrator or in the county court, shall not exceed the limit prescribed by rules of court, and shall be taxed in manner prescribed by those rules.

62

Ch. 37.

Workmen'8 Compensation Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

51 & 52 Vict. <J. 43.

(7.) Id the case of the death or refusal or i a ability to act of an arbitrator, a Judge of the High Court at Chambers may, on the application of any party, appoint a new arbitrator.

(8.) Where the amount of compensation under this Act shall have been ascertained, or any weekly payment varied, or any other matter decided, under this Act, either by a committee or by an arbitrator or by agreement, a memorandum thereof shall be sent, in manner prescribed by rules of court, by the said committee or arbitrator, or by any party interested, to the registrar of the county court for the district in which any person entitled to such compensation resides, who shall, subject to such rules, on being satisfied as to its genuineness, record such memorandum in a special register without fee, and thereupon the said memorandum shall for all purposes be enforceable as a county court judgment. Provided that the county court judge may at any time rectify such register.

(9.) Where any matter under this Act is to be done iu a county court, or by to or before the judge or registrar of a county court, then, unless the contrary intention appear, the same shall, subject to rules of court, be done in, or by to or before the judge or registrar of, the county court of the district in which all the parties concerned reside, or if they reside in different districts the district in which the accident out of which the said matter arose occurred, without prejudice to any transfer in manner provided by rules of court.

(10.) The duty of a county court judge under this Act, or of an arbitrator appointed by him, shall, subject to rules of court, be part of the duties of the county court, and the officers of the court shall act accordingly, and rules of court may be made both for any purpose for which this Act authorises rules of court to be made, and also generally for carrying into effect this Act so far as it affects the county court, or an arbitrator appointed by the judge of the county court, and proceedings in the county court or before any such arbitrator, and such rules may, in England, be made by the five judges of the county courts appointed for the making of rules under section one hundred and sixty-four of the County Courts Act, 1888, and when allowed by the Lord Chancellor, as provided by that section, shall have full effect without any further consent.

(11.) No court fee shall be payable by any party in respect of any proceeding under this Act in the county court prior to the award.

(12.) Any sum awarded as compensation shall be paid on the receipt of the person to whom it is payable under any agreement or award, and his solicitor or agent shall not be entitled to recover from him, or to claim a lien on, or deduct any amount for costs from, the said sum awarded, except such sum as may be awarded by the arbitrator or county court judge, on an application made by either party to determine the amount of costs to be paid to the said solicitor or agent, such sum to be awarded subject to taxation and to the scale of costs prescribed by rules of court.

(13.) The Secretary of State may appoint legally qualified medical practitioners for the purpose of this Act, and any committee, arbitrator, or judgp may, subject to regulations made by the Secretary of State and the Treasury, appoint any such practitioner to report on any matter which seems material to any question arising in the arbitration; and the expense of any such medical practitioner shall, subject to Treasury regulations, be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

(14.) In the application of this schedule to Scotland —

(a.) “ Sheriff ” shall be substituted for “ county court judge, ” u sheriff court” for u county court, ” “ action ” for “ plaint, ” “ sheriff clerk” for “ registrar of the county court, ” and “ act of sederunt ” for " rules of court ”:

LC

1897.

Workmen's Compensation, 1897. Ch. 37, 38.

63

(ft.) Any award or agreement as to compensation under this Act may be competently recorded for execution in the books of council and session or sheriff court books, and shall be enforceable in like manner as a recorded decree arbitral:

(c.) Any application to the sheriff as arbitrator shall be heard, tried, and determined summarily in the manner provided by the fifty-second section of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1876, save only that 89 & 40 Vict. parties may be represented by any person authorised in writing to c. 70. appear for them and subject to the declaration that it shall be competent to either party within the time and in accordance with the conditions prescribed by act of sederunt to require the sheriff to state a case on any question of law determined by him, and his decision thereon in such case may be submitted to either division of the Court of Session, who may hear and determine the same finally, and remit to the sheriff with instruction as to the judgment to be pronounced.

(15.) Paragraphs four and seven of this schedule shall not apply to Scotland.

(16.) In the application of this schedule to Ireland the expression county court judge ” shall include the recorder of any city or town.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Public Health in Scotland. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

Short title *

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Scotland) Act,

1897.

Extent and

2. This Act shall extend to Scotland only, and shall come into commeneement

of Act Definitions.

operation on the first day of January after the passing thereof.

3. In this Act the following words and expressions have the meanings herein-after assigned to them, unless such meaning is

means the Local Government Board for

inconsistent with the context:

The word “ Board 1 Scotland:

The word “ secretary ” includes assistant secretary:

The expressions “ medical officer of health ” and “ medical officer ”

mean a legally qualified medical practitioner appointed by the 55 & 56 vict> local authority under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, c. 55. or under the Acts repealed by this Act or under this Act:

Wherever in this Act the expression “legally qualified medical practitioner” is used, it shall mean a registered medical practitioner qualified, as the case may be:

The expression “sanitary inspector” means a sanitary inspector appointed by the local authority under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or under the Acts repealed.bv this Act or under this Act:

64

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 58.

The expressions “ veterinary surgeon ” and “ qualified veterinary surgeon ” mean a member of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons:

The word “ clerk ” includes acting clerk:

The word “ parish” means a parish quoad civilia exclusive of any burgh situated or partly situated therein:

The word “ burgh ” includes not only royal burgh, parliamentary burgh, burgh incorporated by Act of Parliament, but also any police burgh within the meaning of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892:

The word “ county” means a county exclusive of any burgh, and dees not include a county of a city:

The word “ district” means the district of any local authority under this Act:

The expression “district committee” means a district committee under the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and, subject to the provisions of section seventy-eight, sub-section three, of that Act, as amended by section nineteen, sub-section seven, of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, in the case of a county not divided into districts includes a county council: The word “ magistrate” means a magistrate or judge having police jurisdiction under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or under any general or local Police Act:

The word “decree” or “decern” includes any warrant, sentence, judgment, order, or interlocutor:

The word “ premises ” includes lands, buildings, vehicles, tents, vans, structures of any kind, streams, lakes, seashore, drains, ditches, or places open, covered, or inclosed, whether built on or not, and whether public or private, and whether natural or artificial, and whether maintained or not under statutory authority, and any ship, lying in any sea, river, harbour, or other water, or ex adverso of any place within the limits of the local authority:

The word “ land ” in this Act and in the Acts incorporated herewith as after-mentioned, shall include water and any right or servitude to or over land or water:

The word “ ship ” includes any sailing or steam ship, vessel, or boat not belonging to Her Majesty or any foreign Government: The word “street” includes any highway and any public bridge, and any road, lane, footway, square, court, or passage, whether a thoroughfare or not, and whether or not there are houses in such street:

The word “ house” means a dwelling-house, and includes schools, also factories and other buildings in which persons are employed:

The word “ factory ” includes workshop and workplace:

The word “ ashpit” means any receptacle for the deposit of ashes or refuse matter:

The expression “knacker” means a person whose business it Is to kill any horse, ass, mule, or cattle, not killed for the purpose of the flesh being used as butcher's meat; and the expression “knacker's yard” means any building or place used for the purpose of such business:

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) Act. 1897. Cif. 38.

65

The expression "slaughterer of cattle or horses” means a person whose business it is to kill any description of cattle or horses, asses or mules, for the purpose of the flesh being usel as butcher's meat; and the expression “slaughter-house” means any building or p'ace used for the purpose of such business:

The word “ owner” means the person for the time entitled to receive, or who would, if the same were let, be entitled to receive, the rents of the premises, and includes a trustee, factor, tutor, or curator, and in case of public or municipal property applies to the persons to whom the management thereof is entrusted:

The word “ occupier” means in the case of a building or part of a building the peiv-on in occupation or having the charge, management, or control thereof, either on his own account or as the agent of another person, and in the case of a ship means the master or other person in charge thereof:

The word “ company ” includes commissioners:

The expression “author of a nuisance” means the person through whose act or default the nuisance is caused, exists, or is continued, whether he be the owner or occupier or both:

The expression “common lodging-house” means a house or part thereof where lodgers are housed at an amount not exceeding fourpence per night, or such other sum as shall be fixed under the provisions of this Act, for each person whether the same be payable nightly or weekly, or for any period not longer than a fortnight, and shall include any place where emigrants are lodged and all boarding-houses for seamen, irrespective of the rate charged for lodging or boarding:

The expression “keeper of a common lodging-house ” includes any person having or acting in the care and management of a common lodging-house:

The word “ cattle” means bulls, cows, oxen, heifers, and calves, and includes sheep, goats, and swine:

The word “ dairy ” includes any farm, farmhouse, cowshed, milk store, milk shop, or other place from which milk is supplied, or in which milk is kept for purposes of sale:

The word “ dairyman ” includes any cow-keeper, purveyor of milk, or occupier of a dairy:

The word “ burial ” includes cremation:

The expressions “ day ” and “ daytime ” mean between nine o'clock in the morning and six o'clock in the evening.

4. — (1.) The Lands Clauses Acts, except the provisions thereof Incorporation relating to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by of Acts* agreement, are incorporated with this Act, and for the special purposes he rein-after mentioned the provisions thereof for the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement are incorporated with this Act, but shall only be put in force in manner herein-after set forth.

(2.) Section six and sections seventy to seventy-eight of the Railway Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 18^5, are incorporated 8 & 9 Vict. with this Act, and in the said sections for the purpose of such c- 33* incorporation “ the company ” shall mean the local a; “ the

66

Oh* 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Local Government Board to be central authority.

57 & 58 Vict 0.58.

Powers of Board to inquire into sanitary conditions of district.

Power to Board to authorise special inquiries.

railway ” or “ the railway and works ” shall mean any works constructed under the powers of this Act; “the construction of the railway” shall mean and include the construction of any works under this Act, or the acquisition of rights and powers to make sewers or to use any sewer; and “ lands taken or used for the purposes of the railway ” shall mean and include lands, buildings, engines, materials, or apparatus purchased, taken on lease, or used for the purposes of this Act.

(3.) The expression in this Act “ in terms of the Lands Clauses Acts, ” or any similar expression, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean in terms of the Lands Clauses Acts (except the provisions thereof relating to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement), and of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, as incorporated in this Act.

PART I.

Authorities for Execution of Act.

Central Authority.

5. The Local Government Board for Scotland (in this Act referred to as the Board) shall be the central authority for the execution of this Act. In addition to the powers conferred on or transferred to it by the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, the Board shall have the powers herein-after mentioned.

6. It shall be lawful for the Board, upon written application by a parish council, or ten ratepayers, or upon the report of any of the inspecting officers of the Board, to inquire into the sanitary condition of any district or part of a district, and for this purpose the Board are hereby empowered to make inquiries, and require answers or returns to be made to the Board upon any question or matter connected with or relating to the purposes of this Act, and also by a summons, signed by one of their number or by the secretary, to require the attendance of all such persons as they may think fit to call before them upon any such question or matter, and to administer oaths to and examine upon oath all such persons, and to require and enforce the production upon oath of all books, contracts, agreements, accounts, and writings, or copies thereof respectively, in anywise relating to any such question or matter.

7. It shall be lawful for the Board, whenever it may seem fitting to them, t) authorise and empower for a limited time one of the members thereof to conduct any special inquiry in any part of Scotland, and to report thereon to the Board; and such member so authorised and empowered shall be entitled to summon and examine on oath witnesses and havers, and to exercise all such other of the powers by this Act given to the Board as may be necessary for conducting such inquiry, and such member shall be reimbursed by the Board of all expenses necessarily incurred by him in conducting such inquiry, and such expenses shall be deemed part of the expenses attending the execution of this Act, and be defrayed in the same manner as the general expenses of ttie Board are now defrayed.

1897.

Public Health (ScotlaAct, 1897.

Ch. 38.

67

8. It shall be lawful for the Board, whenever it may seem fitting Power to to them, to appoint some person or persons, not being a member or Board to members of the Board, to act as a commissioner or commissioners JSsstonerefor for the purpose of conducting any special inquiry for a limited conducting period, and to report thereon; and the Board shall delegate to every special person so appointed for the purpose of conducting such inquiry such mqumes-of the powers of the Board as they may deem necessary or expedient for summoning or examining on oath witnesses and havers, and otherwise conducting such inquiry; and it shall not be necessary to notify the appointment of any such commissioner otherwise than by intimating the same by letter under the hand of the secretary or of any member of the Board to the sheriff of the county within which the inquiry in question is to be made; and every such commissioner shall be reimbursed by the Board for all expenses necessarily incurred by him in conducting such inquiry, and shall also receive such reasonable remuDeration for his time and trouble as may have been agreed upon between him and the said Board, and approved of by the Treasury.

9. It shall be lawful for the Board, in any case where they see Power to fit, to order and allow such expenses of witnesses, and such expenses of or concerning the production of any books, contracts, agreements, penge8 of accounts, or writings, or copies thereof, to or before the said Board, witnesses, or member thereof, or commissioner or commissioners, as such &c- Board may deem reasonable; and such expenses so ordered and allowed shall be deemed part of the expenses attending the execution of this Act, and be defrayed in the same manner as the general expenses of the Board are now defrayed.

10. If any person, upon any examination on oath under the Penalties authority of this Act, shall wilfully give false evidence, he shall °? persons be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be liable to the pains and f^ence or penalties thereof; and in case any person shall wilfully refuse to refusing to attend in obedience to any summons of the Board, or member or obey B“n" commissioner authorised or appointed by the Board as aforesaid,

or to give evidence, or shall wilfully refuse to produce any books, contracts, agreements, accounts, and writings, or copies of the same, which may be required to be produced before the Board, or member thereof, or commissioner or commissioners, or shall wilfully neglect or disobey any of the orders of the Board or member or commissioner, or be guilty of any contempt of the Board or member or commissioner, such person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit and pay for the first offence any sum not exceeding five pounds, and for the second and every subsequent offence any sum not exceeding twenty pounds nor less than five pounds.

11. The Board are hereby empowered from time to time to Power to appoint all such officers and clerks as they shall deem necessary, Boar? *° and from time to time, at the discretion of the Board, to remove £££“ &<*. such officers and clerks, or any of them, and to appoint others in

their stead; provided that the amount of the salaries of such officers and clerks shall from time to time be regulated by the Treasury.

68

Ca 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 . Vict,

Local authoritien to execute Act.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 50.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 58.

Where district in more than one county.

Local authorities to be bodies corporate. Committees may be appointed.

Local Authorities.

12. The following slia.ll respectively be the local authority to execute this Act within the districts hereunder stated:

(1.) In burghs subject to the provisions of the Burgh Police (Scotland; Act, 1892, the town council or burgh commissioners:

(2.) In other burghs, the town council or board of police, as the case may be:

(3.) In districts where the county is divided into districts under the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and, subject to the provisions of section seventeen of that Act, as amended by this Act, the district committee:

(4.) In counties where the county is not so divided, the county council, subject to the provisions of section seventy-eight, subsection three, of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, as amended by section nineteen, sub-section seven, of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894.

Provided always that wherever, except in regard to a burgh, the expression “local authority ” is in this Act used with reference to rating, borrowing, or acquiring or holding land, it shall mean the county council, but this proviso shall not be construed to extend or diminish the exemption from stamp duties contained in section one hundred and sixty-eight of this Act.

13. Where any parish or burgh shall be situated in more than one county, the Board shall, on application being made to them by any‘person having interest, determine in which one of such counties such parish or burgh shall be held to be situated for the purposes of this Act, whose decision shall be final; and the jurisdiction and powers of magistrates, justices, and sheriffs, and the powers of their officers under this Act, shall be regulated accordingly, and the Board may from time to time recall or vary such determination.

14. The local authorities shall respectively be bodies corporate

designated by such names as they may usually bear or adopt, with power to sue and be sued in such names, and to hold lands for the purposes of this Act; and the local authority, subject, in the case where the local authority is a district committee, to the provisions of sub-section two of section seventeen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, may appoint any committee or committees of their own body to receive and issue notices, to take proceedings, and in all or certain specified respects to execute this Act, whereof two shall be a quorum, unless a larger quorum be specified in their appointment; and such local authority or their committee, thereto duly authorised, may by a writing under the hand of the clerk empower any officer or person to serve notices, make complaints, and take proceedings on their behalf; and all acts done or proceedings taken by or against such committee or officer or person shall be as valid as if they were done by or taken in the name of all the members of the local authority; and the local authority shall have power to commence or carry on all proceedings commenced, or which might have been commenced, before the commencement of this Act, by the local authority under any of the Acts hereby repcalcd^ncj b [vested with all

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

69

property or pecuniary claims vested in and be liable to perform all pecuniary and other obligations undertaken or incurred by or devolving on such last-mentioned local authority.

15. The local authority shall appoint a medical officer or medical Local officers, who shall be called medical officer or medical officers of aQthorit7 health, and a sanitary inspector or inspectors, the latter of whom medEand shall be also inspector or inspectors of common lodging-houses, and other officers, the local authority shall, subject to the approval of the Board, regulate the duties of such medical officers and sanitary inspectoi-s and their relations to each other, whether appointed before or subsequent to the commencement of this Act, and this, notwithstanding anything contained in sections seventy-five, seventy-six, and seventy-seven of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892; and 55 &56 Vict. the local authority may, and if required by the Board shall, appoint c- 55-convenient places for their offices, and shall allow to every such medical officer and sanitary inspector and every other officer or clerk appointed by them on account of his employment a proper salary or remuneration; and the names and addresses and salaries of the said medical officers and sanitary inspectors shall be repot ted by the local authority to the Board immediately on such persons being appointed and such salaries fixed; and the said medical officers and sanitary inspectors, and the local authority and their clerk, and the registrars of births, deaths, and marriages shall be bound to make such returns and special reports to the Board in such form and at such times as the Board shall require. The medical officer may, when authorised by the local authority, exercise any of the powers with which the sanitary inspector is invested by this Act.

No person shall be appointed as the medical officer of any burgh, or of any district, other than a burgh, unless he possesses the qualifications set forth in section fifty-four of the Local 52 & 53 Vict. Government (Scotland) Act, 1889. 50 *

No medical officer or sanitary inspector appointed by the local authority under this or any of the repealed Acts shall be removable from office, except by or with the sanction of the Board.

The registrar of births, deaths, and marriages in each registration district shall furnish to the local authority such periodical returns of births and deaths as may be required of him and approved by the Board, and for each death included in such return and for each return of births he shall be paid by the local authority the sum of twopence, and the local authority shall provide the forms on which such returns are to be made, and shall pay for their transmission by letter post.

The medical officer and sanitary inspector shall, if required by the local authority, respectively name a duly qualified substitute for whom they shall be responsible, and if the local authority shall approve of the nomination, such substitute shall liave the same powers and duties as the medical officer or sanitary inspector, as the case may be, during the temporary illness or authorised absence of either of them, and the local authority may from time to time with consent of the Board withdraw their approval of such substitute, and may require the medical officer or sanitary jgp^qd^as the

70 Ch. 38. Public Health (Scotland) , 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Definition of nuisances. case may be, to rame for their approval some other duly qualified substitute. Nothing contained in this Act shall, save in so far as expressly otherwise provided, prejudice or affect the existing officers and servants of the local authorities under any Act in force at the passing of this Act, and such officers and servants shall without any further appointment be the officers and servants of the local authorities under this Act, with, save as aforesaid, the same tenure of office (if any), and emoluments as heretofore. PART II. Sanitary Provisions. General Nuisances. 16. For the purposes of this Act, (1.) Any premises or part thereof of such a construction or in such a state as to be a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to health: (2.) Any street, pool, ditch, gutter, watercourse, sink, cistern, watercloset, earth-closet, privy, urinal, cesspool, drain, dung-pit, or ashpit so foul or in such a state or so situated as to be a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to health:(3.) Any well or water supply injurious or dangerous to health: (4.) Any stable, byre, or other building in which any animal or animals are kept in such a manner or in such numbers as to be a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to health:(5.) Any accumulation or deposit, including any deposit of mineral refuse, which is a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to health, or any deposit of offensive matter, refuse, or offal, or manure (other than farmyard manure or manure from byres or stables, or spent hops from breweries), within fifty yards of any public road wherever situated, or any offensive matter, refuse, or offal, or manure other than aforesaid contained in uncovered tracks or waggons standing or being at any station or siding or elsewhere on a railway or in canal boats so as to be a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to health: (6.) Any work, manufactory, trade, or business, injurious to the health of the neighbourhood or so conducted as to be injurious or dangerous to health, or any collection of rags or bones injurious or dangerous to health: (7.) Any house or part of a house so overcrowded as to be injurious or dangerous to the health of the inmates: (8.) Any schoolhouse, or any factory which is not a factory subject to the provisions of the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1878 to 1895, or any Act amending the same, with respect to cleanliness, ventilation, or overcrowding, and (i) is not kept in a cleanly state and free from effluvia arising from any drain, privy, watercloset, earth-closet, urinal, or other nuisance, or (ii) is not ventilated in such a manner as to render harmless so far as practicable any gases, vapours, dust, or other impurities generated in thee§9J^O>t the work carried on

1897.

PvJblic Health (Scotland) Act 1897.

Ch. 38.

71

therein that are a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to health, or

(iii) is so overcrowded while work is carried on as to be injurious or dangerous to the health of those therein employed:

(9.) Any fireplace or furnace situated within the limits of any burgh or special scavenging district which does not so far as practicable consume the smoke arising from the combustible matter used therein, for working engines by steam, or in any mill, factory, dyehouse, brewery, bakehouse, or gas work, or in any manufacturing or trade process whatsoever:

(10.) Any chimney (not being the chimney of a private dwelling-house) sending forth smoke in such quantity as to be a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to health: and

(11.) Any churchyard, cemetery, or place of sepulture so situated or so crowded or otherwise so conducted as to be offensive or injurious or dangerous to health; shall be deemed to be nuisances liable to be dealt with summarily in manner provided by this Act: Provided that —

(a) a penalty shall not be imposed as herein-after provided on any person in respect of any accumulation or deposit necessary for the effectual carrying on of any business, trade, or manufacture, if it be proved to the satisfaction of the court that the accumulation or deposit has not been kept longer than is necessary for the purposes of the business, trade, or manufacture, and that the best available means have been taken for preventing injury or danger thereby to the public health; and

(b) in considering whether any dwelling-house or part thereof which is also used as a factory, or whether any factory, used also as a dwelling-house, is a nuisance by reason of overcrowding, the court shall have regard to the circumstances of such other use.

17. It shall be the duty of every local authority to cause to be made from time to time inspection of their district, with a view to ascertain what nuisances exist calling for removal under the powers of this Act, and to enforce the provisions of this Act in order to remove the same, and otherwise to put in force the powers vested in them relating to public health, so as to secure the proper sanitary condition of all premises within their district.

18. If the local authority, or medical officer, or sanitary inspector have reasonable grounds for believing that nuisance exists in any premises, such local authority, or medical officer, or sanitary inspector may demand admission for themselves, the chief constable or superintendent of police, or any other person or persons whom the local authority may desire to enter and inspect such premises, and, if necessary, to open up the ground of such premises, or for any or all of them, to inspect the same at any hour between nine in the morning and six in the evening, or at any hour when the operations suspected to cause the nuisance are believed to be in progress or are usually carried on; and may cause the ground or surface to be opened, and the drains to be tested, or such other wank to be

Duty of local authority to inspect district for detection of nuisances.

Power of entry to local authority or their officers.

72

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

done as may be necessary for an effectual examination of the said premises: provided always, that if no nuisance be found to exist, the local authority shall restore the premises at their own expense, and if admission be refused, the local authority, or medical officer, or sanitary inspector may apply to the sheriff, or to any magistrate or justice of the peace having jurisdiction in the place, stating on oath such belief; and such sheriff, magistrate, or justice may, after intimation to the owner and occupier, or person in charge of the premises, by order in writing, require the occupier or person having the custody of such premises to admit the local authority and others aforesaid; and if such occupier or person refuse or fail to obey such order, he shall, on conviction of such offence, be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; and on being satisfied of such failure or refusal, the sheriff, magistrate, or justice may grant warrant to such local authority, officers, or person or persons for immediate forcible entry into the premises; and if no such occupier or person cun be discovered, or if no person is found on the premises to give or refuse admission, the local authority or their officers may enter the premises without any order or warrant, and forcibly if need be.

Provided that if no nuisance be found to exist, the local authority shall restore the premises at their own expense.

Any order made by a sheriff, magistrate, or justice, for the admission of the local authority or their officers or other persons under this section shall continue in force until the nuisance has been removed, or the work for which the entry was necessary has been done.

Information of nuisances to local authority.

Kotice requiring removal of nuisance.

19. Information of any nuisance under this Act in the district of any local authority may be given to such local authority by any person, and it shall be the duty of every officer of such authority, and of any constable or officer of police of the county or burgh, in accordance with the regulations of the authority having control over him, to give that information, and it shall be the duty of the said authority to make the said regulations. The local authority shall give such directions to their officers as will secure the existence of the nuisance being immediately brought to the knowledge of any person who may be required to remove it, and such officer shall do so by an intimation as herein-after provided.

20. — (1.) On the receipt of any information respecting the existence of a nuisance liable to be dealt with summarily under this Act, the local authority shall, if satisfied of the existence of a nuisance, serve a notice on the author of the nuisance, or, if such author cannot be found, on the occupier or owner of the premises on which the nuisance arises or continues, requiring him to remove the same within the time specified in the notice, and to execute such works and do such things as may be necessary for that purpose, and if the local authority think it desirable (but not otherwise) specifying any works to be executed.

(2.) The local authority may also by the same or another notice served on such occupier, owner, or person, require him to do what is necessary for preventing the recurrence of the nuisance, and, if

18*7.

. Public Health (Scotland), 1897.

Ch. 38.

73

they think it desirable, may specify any works to be executed for that purpose, and may serve that notice, notwithstanding that the nuisance may for the time have been removed, if the local authority consider that it is likely to recur on the same premises.

(3.) Provided that —

(a) where the nuisance arises from any want or defect of a structural character, or where the premises are unoccupied, the notice shall be served on the owner;

(b) where the person causing the nuisance cannot be found, and it is clear that the nuisance does not arise or continue by the act or default or sufferance of the occupier or owner of the premises, the local authority may themselves remove the same, and may do what is necessary to prevent the recurrence thereof.

21. If the person on whom a notice to remove a nuisance has On non-com-been served as aforesaid makes default in complying with any of

the requisitions thereof within the time specified, and if the authorityato nuisance, although removed since the service of the notice is, in the proceed smn-opinion of the local authority, likely to recur on the same premises, manbr-the local authority shall proceed by summary petition as hereinafter provided.

22. In any case where the existence of a nuisance is ascertained Proceedings to their satisfaction by the local authority, or where the nuisance ^uthoSt in the opinion of the local authority did exist, and, although the when same may have been since removed or discontinued, is in their nuisances opinion likely to recur or to be repeated, they may apply to the sheriff or to any magistrate or justice, by summary petition in exist, manner herein-after directed, and if it appear to his satisfaction

that the nuisance exists, or, if removed or discontinued, that it is likely to recur or to be repeated, he shall decern for the removal or remedy or discontinuance or interdict of the nuisance as herein-after mentioned; provided that if it appear to the sheriff or magistrate or justice that the nuisance arose from the wilful fault or culpable negligence either of the owner or occupier of the premises, and that a notice in respect thereof had previously been served on such author, the sheriff or magistrate or justice may, in addition to making a decree as aforesaid, impose a fine not exceeding five pounds on such owner or occupier; provided that in the cases under sub-sections (6) and (8) in section sixteen of this Act such application shall be made only on medical certificate, or on a representation by a parish council, or on a requisition in writing under the hands of any ten ratepayers of the district of the local authority, and that in these cases and the cases under feub-sections (9) and (10) in said section, it shall be made only to the sheriff; and farther, that in the cases under sub-section (11) in section sixteen it shall not be necessary to cite any person as the author of the nuisance, but such application shall be proceeded with by the sheriff (to whom alone it shall be made) after such intimation to the collector of the churchyard or other dues, or to such other person as to the sheriff shall seem meet; and such person or persons as shall appear after such the

F

74

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Form of interlocutor.

Penalty for contravention of decree and of interdict.

Order when structural wtorka are required.

sheriff think proper, be allowed to be heard and to object to such application in the same manner as if he or they were the author of the alleged nuisance within the meaning of this Act.

23. It shall not be necessary to restrict such decree to any special remedy] prayed for in the petition, but, as the case shall require, the author of the nuisance or owner or occupier of the premises may be ordained to execute such works or to do or to abstain or cease from doing such acts or things as are necessary to remove the nuisance complained of, in such manner and within such time as shall be specified; and if the sheriff, magistrate, or justice, is of opinion that such or the like nuisance is likely to recur, he may further grant interdict against the recurrence of it, or do otherwise, as the case may in his judgment require; and if the nuisance proved to exist be such as to render a house or building unfit for human habitation or use, he may prohibit such habitation or use until in his judgment it is rendered fit therefor, and on the sheriff, magistrate, or justice being satisfied that it has been rendered fit for that purpose he may declare the house or building habitable, and from the date thereof such house or btiilding may be let or occupied, or the sheriff, magistrate, or justice may do otherwise as the case may in his judgment require.

24. If the said decree be not complied with in good and sufficient manner, and within the time appointed, the author of. the nuisance, or the owner or occupier, as the case may be, shall be liable, in the case of nuisances under sub-sections (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (7), (10), and (11) in section sixteen of this Act, to a penalty of not more than ten shillings per day dui ing his failure so to comply; and if the said interdict be knowingly infringed by the act or authority of the owner or occupier, such owner or occupier shall be liable for every such offence to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings per day during such infringement; and in the case of nuisances under sub-sections (6), (8), and (9) in the said section, the party not complying with or infringing such decree shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for the first offence, and not exceeding ten pounds for the second, and for each subsequent conviction a sum not exceeding double the amount of the penalty in the last preceding conviction, but no penalty shall exceed two hundred pounds: Provided always, in the case of a nuisance under the said sub-section (9), that if it appears to the sheriff that the best means then known to be available for mitigating the nuisance, or the injurious effects thereof, have not been adopted, he may suspend his final determination upon condition that the author of the nuisance shall undertake to adopt within a definite time such means as he shall judge to be practicable, and order to be carried into effect, for mitigating or preventing such injurious effects.

25. When it shall appear to the sheriff, magistrate, or justice that the execution of structural works is required for the removal or remedy of a nuisance, he may appoint such works to be carried out under the direction and subject to the approval of any person he may appoint; and he niay, before making his order, require the

1897. Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. Cu. 38. 75

local authority, within a time to be specified by him, to furnish him with an estimate of the cost of the required works. (

26. In case of non-compliance with or infringement of any Local autho-decree aforesaid, the sheriff, magistrate, or justice may, On appli- ^ks on cation by the local authority, grant warrant to such person o^ owner's or persons as he may deem right to enter the premises to which occupier's such decree relates, and remove or remedy the nuisance thereby condemned or interdicted, and do whatever may be necessary in causing execution of such decree; or if in the original application it nuisance appears to his satisfaction that the author of the nuisance is not known or cannot be found, then such decree may at once ordain

the local authority to execute the works thereby directedand all expenses incurred by the local authority in executing the works . ... may be recovered from the author of the nuisance and failing him from the owner of the premises.

27. Any matter or thing removed by the local authority in Articles

pursuance of this Act may he sold by public roup, after not less ta

than five days notice by printed handbills posted in the locality, e 80 except in cases where delay would be prejudicial to health, or in which the matter or thing is not of the value of two pounds or upwards, in which cases the sheriff, magistrate, or justice may, by writing under his hand, order the immediate removal, sale, or destruction of the matter or thing, and the proceeds of the sale

shall be retained by the local authority, and applied pro tanto in payment of all expenses incurred under this Act with reference to such nuisance; and the surplus, if any, shall be paid, on demand, by the local authority, to the owner of such matter or thing; and > the balance of such expenses shall he defrayed, if such proceeds are insufficient for that purpose, by the author of the nuisance or the owner of the premises.

28. Whenever any watercourse, ditch, gutter, or drain along Foul ditches, the side of any street, or between or parallel to rows of dwelling- &c- J* houses, shall be used or partly used for the conveyance of any ^erg# y water, sewage, or other liquid or matter from any premises, and

cannot in the opinion of the local authority be rendered free from foulness or offensive smell without the laying down of a sewer or of some other structure, such local authority shall and they are hereby required to lay down such sewer or other structure within the limits of their district, or, subject to the approval of the Board, where necessary for the purpose of outfall or distribution of sewage, without their district, and to keep the same in good and serviceable repair; and they may enter any premises for such purposes, and use such part thereof as shall be necessary, and for such use shall pay such damages as may be assessed by the sheriff on a summary application, and to such party as the sheriff may direct: Provided always, that no damage shall be payable to any person who has caused or contributed to cause such watercourse, ditch, gutter, or drain to become foul or offensive, unless such person shall satisfy the sheriff that he had justifiable excuse for so doing; and such local authority |^£0fh?@}y authorised

F 2

76

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Local

authority may erect public waterclosets, &c.

Penalty for injuring closet, &c. so as to cause nuisance.

' Waterclosets, &c. used iu common.

and empowered to assess the owners of all the premises (according to the yearly value thereof) from which then or at any time thereafter any material other than pure water flows, falls, or is carried into the said sewer or other structure, for payment of all expenses incurred in making and maintaining the same, and that either in one sum or in instalments, as they shall think just and reasonable, and after fourteen days notice at the least left with the said owners, if resident within the district, and if not so resident with the occupiers of the said premises, to levy and collect the sum so assessed, with the same remedies iu case of default in payment thereof as are herein-after provided with reference to the public health general assessment leviable under this Act.

29. The local authority may erect such public ashpits, waterclosets, privies, and urinals, and in such situations, as they may think fit, and may defray the expense thereof, and of keeping the same in repair and in good order, and shall cause such privies to be cleansed daily; and the local authority may also, by written notice to the owner or occupier of any schoolhouse, or of any factory or building in which persons are employed in any manufacture, trade, or business, require them or either of them, within a time specified, to construct a sufficient number of waterclosets or privies for the separate use of each sex; and any person failing to comply with such notice shall be liable for each offence in a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

30. If a person causes any drain, watercloset, earth-closet, privy, urinal, or ashpit to be a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to health, by wilfully destroying or damaging the same or any water-supply, apparatus, pipe, or work connected therewith, or by otherwise wilfully stopping up, or wilfully interfering with, or improperly using the same, or any such water-supply, apparatus, pipe, or work, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

31. The following provisions shall have effect with respect to any watercloset, earth-closet, privy, or similar convenience used in common by the occupier's of two or more separate dwelling-houses, or by other persons:—

(1) If any person injures or improperly fouls any such convenience, or anything used in connection therewith, he shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten shillings;

(2) If any such watercloset, earth-closet, privy, or similar convenience, or the approaches thereto, or the walls, floors, seats, or fittings thereof, is or are, in the opinion of the local authority or of their sanitary inspector or medical officer, in such a state as to be a nuisance or annoyance to any of the persons using, or entitled to use, the same for want of the proper cleansing thereof, such of the persons having the use thereof in common as mav be in default, or in the

i/ '

absence of proof satisfactory to the court as to which of the persons having the use thereof in common is in default, each of those persons shall be (g^nj^lty not exceeding

18 07.

Public Health (Scotland), 1897.

Ch. 38.

77

ten shillings, and to a penalty not exceeding five shillings for every day during which the offence continues after a conviction for the offence.

Offensive Trades.

32. — (1.) If any person after the commencement of this Act Prohibition establishes, without the sanction of the local authority, the following businesses, or any of them; that is to say, the business of blood offensive boiler, bone boiler, manure manufacturer, soap boiler, tallow melter, businesses, and knacker, tanner, tripe boiler, gut or tripe cleaner, skinner or hide Jo offensive factor, slaughterer of cattle or horses, or any other business which businesses, the local authority may declare, by order confirmed by the Board and published in the Edinburgh Gazette, to be an offensive business, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds in respect of the establishment thereof, and any person carrying on the same after a conviction for the establishment thereof shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty-five pounds for every day during which he so carries on the same.

(2.) The local authority shall give their sanction by order, but, at least fourteen days before making any such order, shall make public the application for it, by advertisement in one or more local newspapers, or by the posting of handbills in the locality, setting forth the time and place at which they will be willing to hear all persons objecting to the order, and they shall consider any objections made at that time and place, and shall grant or withhold their sanction as they think expedient, and where the local authority grants or withholds such sanction, any person aggrieved may appeal to the Board, whose decision shall be fin il, but, in the case of a district other than a burgh, the appeal to the Board shall only arise after the county council has given its determination on the matter, and a local authority may appeal to the Board against the determination of the county council.

(3.) The local authority may make byelaws for regulating the conduct of any businesses within the meaning of this section, and of section thirty-seven of this Act, which are for the time being lawfully carried on in their district, and the structure of the premises in which any such business is being carried on, in order to prevent or diminish the noxious or injurious effect thereof, and the mode in which the said application is to be made.

(4.) Any such byelaw may, in addition to any pecuniary penalty imposed by such byelaw, empower a sheriff by summary order to deprive any person, either temporarily or permanently, of the right of carrying on any business to which such byelaw relates, as a punishment for breaking the same, and any person disobeying such order shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty-five pounds for every day during which such disobedience continues; and the decision of the sheriff under this sub-section shall be appealable to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in manner provided by section one hundred and fifty-six of this Act.

(5.) There shall be charged for an order of the local authority under this section, such fee not exceeding forty shillings as the local authority may fix.

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Tier.

' (6.) For the purposes of this section a business shall be deemed

to be established alter the commencement of this Act not only if it is established newly, but also if it is removed from any one set of premises to any other premises, or if it is renewed on the same set of premises after having been discontinued for a period of twelve months or upwards, or if any premises on which it is for the time being carried on are enlarged without the sanction of the local authority; but a business shall not be deemed to be established anew on any premises by reason only that the ownership or occupancy of such premises is wholly or partially changed, or that the building in which it is established having been wholly or partially pulled down or burnt down has been reconstructed without any extension of its area., .

33. — (1.) A person carrying on the business of a. slaughterer of cattle or horses, or knacker, shall not use any premises as a slaughter-house or knacker's yard without a licence from the local authority, and if he does he shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and, the fact that cattle or horses have been taken into unlicensed premises shall be prim& facie evidence that an offence under this section has been committed.

(2.) A licence under this section shall expire on such day in every year as the local authority fix, and when a licence, is first granted shall expire on the diy so fixed which secondly occurs after the grant of the licence, and a fee not exceeding five shillings may be charged for the licence or any renewal thereof.

(3.) Not less than twenty-one days before a new licence for any premises is granted under this section, notice of the intention to apply for it shall be advertised as provided in sub-section two of the immediately preceding section by the local authority of the district in which the premises are situate, and any person interested may show cause against the grant or renewal of the licence.

(4.) An objection shall not be entertained to the renewal of a licence under this section, unless seven days previous notice of the objection has been served on the applicant, save that, on an objection being made of which notice has not been given, the local authority may, if they think it just so to do, direct notice thereof to be served on the applicant, and adjourn the question of the renewal to a future day, and require the attendance of the applicant on that day, and then hear the case, and consider the objection, as if the said notice had been duly given.

(5.) For the purposes of this section a licence shall be deemed to be renewed where a further licence is granted in immediate succession to a prior licence for the same premises. 1

(6.) The local authority shall have right to enter any Slaughterhouse or knacker's yard at any hour by day, or at' any hour when business is in progress or is usually carried on therein, for the purpose of examining whether there is any contravention therein of this Act or of any byelaw made thereunder. -1 '

(7.) Where any person carrying on the business of a slaughterer of cattle or horses or knacker at the passing of this Act is refused

V. jaoQLe

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) , 1897.

Ch. 38.

79

by the local authority a licence for the premises where such business is carried on, or where any person has been refused a renewal of any licence, such person may appeal to the Board against such refusal, and the decision of the Board shall be final, but* in the case of a district other than a burgh the appeal to the Board shall only arise after the county council has given its determination on the matter, and a local authority may appeal to the Board against the determination of the county council.

34. The local authority of any district other than a burgh may Local autho-provide, establish, improve, or extend and maintain within or "ties may without their district, and two or more such local authorities may g^ughter-combine to so provide, establish, improve, or extend and maintain house, fit shambles or slaughter-houses for the purpose of slaughtering cattle, and for that purpose may borrow such sums of money as they shall find necessary on the security of the public health general assessment, and of the rates to be taken and levied for the use of such shambles or slaughter-houses and ground on which the same are erected, or on any one or more thereof, and the provisions of section one hundred and forty-one of this Act shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to such borrowing.

35. The local authority may make byelaws regulating the con- and make struction of pigstyes, the places in which they may be erected, and b)'el.aws as the mode of cleansing them at proper intervals so as to prevent them to pigstje9* from becoming a nuisance or dangerous to public health.

36. — (1.) Where it appears to the local authority upon a Duty of local certificate by their medical officer, or from a representation by a parish council, or on a requisition in writing under the hands of sheriff, &c.° any ten ratepayers within the district that any trade, business, of nuisance process, or manufacture carried on in any manufactory, building, SfensrwSde or premises, and causing effluvia is a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to the health of any of the inhabitants of the district, such authority may, if they think proper, and, if required by the Board shall, apply to the sheriff by summary petition, and if it appears to such sheriff that any trade, business, process, or manufacture carried on in such manufactory, building, or premises is causing a nuisance, or any effluvia which is a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to the health of any of the inhabitants within the district, then, unless it is shown that the best practicable means have been used for removing the nuisance, or preventing or counteracting the effluvia, the author of the nuisance, and failing him the occupier and failing him the owner of the premises, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2.) Provided that the court may suspend its final determination on condition that the person so offending undertakes to adopt, within a reasonable time, such means as the court may deem practicable, and may order to be carried into effect, for removing the nuisance, or mitigating or preventing the injurious or dangerous effects of the effluvia.

(3.) The local authority may, if they think fit, on such certificate 1 as is in this section mentioned, cause proceedings to be taken

so

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) A, 1897. 60 & 61 Vi cr

Provision as to nuisance created by local authority in dealing with refuse.

Appeal against resolution of district committee as to formation of special scavenging, &c. districts.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 58.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 55.

in the Court of Session against any person in respect of the matters alleged in such certificate.

(4.) The local authority may take proceedings under this section in respect of a manufactory, building, or premises situate without their district, so, however, that the summary proceedings shall bs had before a sheriff having jurisdiction in the district where the manufactory, building, or premises are situate.

37. — (1.) The removal of house refuse and street refuse by a local authority when collected or deposited by that authority, or by any contractor or other person authorised by such local authority, shall be deemed to be a business carried on by that authority, or by such contractor or other person, within the meaning of this Act, and a complaint or proceedings in relation to any such business may be made or taken by the county council of the district, other than a burgh, where such business is carried on, or, in the case of any district, by any person authorised by the Board in like manner as if such county council or such person were a local authority.

(2.) Any premises used by a local authority, or by any contractor or other person authorised by such local authority, for the treatment or disposal of any street refuse or house refuse, as distinct from the removal thereof, which are a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to health, shall be a nuisance liable to be dealt with summardy under this Act, and for the purpose of the application thereto of the provisions of this Act relating to such nuisances the county council, in the case of a district other than a burgh, and any person authorised as aforesaid by the Board shall be deemed to be a local authority.

Scavenging and Cleansing.

38. With respect to the formation of special districts for scavenging and other purposes under section forty-four of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, the following provision shall have effect; (that is to say,)

It shall be competent for any person interested to appeal to the sheriff against any resolution of a district committee or county council, as the case may be, under sub-section two of the recited section, and all the provisions of sub-section one of section one hundred and twenty-two of this Act in regard to an appeal to the sheriff against a resolution of a local authority shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to an appeal against a resolution of a district committee or county council as aforesaid. Provided that in cases to which sub-section three of the said section forty-four of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, applies an appeal to the sheriff shall not be competent unless the resolution has been disposed of by the county council in terms of that sub section.

Where the boundaries of any burgh are extended so as to include the whole or part of any such special district, then the town council or burgh commissioners shall, as regards the whole of such special district, supersede the district committee or county council as the case may be in the administration of the Burgh Police (Scotland)

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) , 1897.

Ch. 38.

81

Act, 1892, and other powers in regard to cleansing and scavenging upon such terms as shall be agreed between the town council or burgh commissioners and the district committee or county council, as the case may be, or, failing agreement, upon such terms as shall be fixed by the sheriff, whose decision shall be final.

39. Where a special scavenging district has been or may here- Scavenging after be formed under the provisions of the Local Government &chliibhf9* (Scotland) Act, 1894, the district committee of the district or the special dis-county council where the county is not divided into districts, in tricts. which such special scavenging district is or may be situated shall, in their discretion, have power to cleanse and scavenge the highways and the footpaths under their management and control within such special scavenging district, or to pay or contribute out of the assessments raised under the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 41 fc 42 Vict. 1878, for a proportion of the cost of cleansing and scavenging such c- 51* highways and footpaths.

Where within such special district any private street or footway, or part thereof, is not levelled, macadamised, paved, channelled, and made good, to the satisfaction of the district committee (or, where the county is not divided into districts, the county council), such authority may, by notice addressed to the respective owners of the premises fronting, adjoining, or abutting on such street or footway, or parts thereof, as may require to be levelled, macadamised, paved, channelled, and made good, order them to do all such works or any of them, and that within a time to be specified in such notice.

If such order is not complied with, the said authority may, if they think fit, execute the works mentioned therein, and may recover in a summary manner the expenses incurred by them in so doing from the owners in default according and in proportion to the frontage and valuation of their respective premises or, in the case of dispute, in such proportion as may be settled by the sheriff.

Provided that it shall be competent to appeal to the sheriff against any such order, and all the provisions of section one hundred and twenty-two of this Act in regard to an appeal to the sheriff against a resolution of a local authority shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to an appeal against such order.

40. Where it appears to any local authority that any house Houses in or part thereof, or any article of bedding or clothing therein, is in ^purified.*0 such a filthy or unwholesome condition that the health of any person is affected or endangered thereby, or that the whitewashing, cleansing or purifying of any house or part thereof, or any article of bedding or clothing therein, would tend to prevent or check infectious disease, the local authority shall give notice in writing to the owner or occupier of such house or part thereof to whitewash, cleanse, or purify the same, or any such article, as the case may require.

If the person to whom notice is so given fails to comply therewith within the time therein specified, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten shillings for every day during which he continues to make default; and the local authority mayv j, f they think fit,

82

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) 1897. 60 & 61 Vict

cause such house or part thereof to be whitewashed, cleansed, or purified, and may recover in a summary manner the expenses lflcarred by them in so doing from the person in default.

Provision for obtaining order for, cleansing % offensive ditches lying near to or forming boundaries of districts.

41. Where any watercourse or open ditch lying near to or forming the boundary between the district of any local authority and any adjoining district is foul and offensive, so as injuriously or dangerously to affect the district of such local authority, any sheriff having juristic ion in such adjoining district may, on the application of such local authority, summon the local authority of such Adjoining district to appear to show cause why an order should not be made for cleansing such watercourse or open ditch, and for 'executing such permanent or other structural works as may appear 'to such sheriff to be necessary; and such sheriff, after hearing the parties, or ex parte in case of the default of any of them to appear, may make such order with reference to the execution of the works, and the persons by whom the same shall be executed, and by whom and in what proportions the costs of such works shall be paid, and hlso as to the amount thereof, and the time and mode of payment, as to such sheriff may seem reasonable.

Periodical 42. Notice may be given by any local authority (by public

removal of announcement in the district or otherwise) for the periodical mewsTnd0111 remova^ manure or other refuse matter from mews, stables, other premises. or other premises, except cattle courts, in any special scavenging district, and where any such notice has been given any person to whom the manure or other refuse matter belongs who fails so to remove the same, or permits a further accumulation, and does not continue such periodical removal at such intervals as the local authority direct, shall be liable without further notice to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings for each day during which such manure or other refuse matter is permitted to accumulate, and where in any scavenging district it appears to the sanitary inspector that any accumulation of manure, dung, soil, or filth, or other offensive or noxious matters ought to be removed, he shall give notice to the person to whom the same belongs, or to the occupier of the premises whereon it exists, to remove the same; and. if such notice is not complied with within forty-eight- hours from the service thereof, the manure, dung, soil, filth, or matter referred to shall be vested in and be sold and disposed of by the local authority, ' and the proceeds thereof shall be applied in payment of the

expenses incurred by them in the execution of this section; and the surplus (if any) shall be paid on demand to the owner of the matter removed, and the expenses of removal by the local authority of any such accumulation, if and so far as they are not covered by the sale thereof may be recovered by the local authority in a summary manner from the person to whom the accumulation belonged, whom failing, from the occupier or owner of the premises.

Unsound Food.

Inspection and destruction of unsound meat, &c.

43. — (1.) Any medical officer or sanitary inspector or any veterinary surgeon approved for the purposes of this section by

1897.

Public Health (Scotland), 1897.

Ch. 38.

' 83

the local authority may at all reasonable times enter ariy premises within the district of the local authority, or so arch any 'Cart or vehicle, or any barrow, basket, sack, bag, or parcel, in order to inspect and examine and may inspect and examine '

(a) any animal, alive or dead, intended for the food of man

which is exposed for sale, or deposited in any place or is in course of transmission for the purpose of sale, or of preparation for sale; and ... . .....

(b) any article, whether solid or liquid, intended for the food of man, and sold or exposed for sale, or deposited in any place pr in course of transmission for the purpose of sale or of

. -preparation for sale, . . ..

the proof that the same was not exposed or deposited or in course of transmission for any such purpose, or was not intended for. the food of man, resting with the person charged; and if any such animal or article appears to such medical officer or sanitary inspector or veterinary surgeon to be diseased, or- unsound, or unfit for the food of man, he may seize and carry iaway the same himself or by an assistant, in order to have the same dealt with summarily by a sheriff, magistrate, or justice.

. Provided that in the case of any proceeding under this section with regard to a living animal the medical officer or sanitary inspector, unless he is himself a qualified veterinary surgeon, shall be accompanied by a veterinary surgeon approved as aforesaid.

The police force of each police area shall have power to search carts or vehicles, or barrows, baskets, sacks, bags, or parcels, and to assist generally in executing and enforcing this section.

(2.) If it appears to a sheriff, magistrate, or justice, that any animal or article which has been seized or is liable to be seized under this section is diseased, or unsound, or unfit for the food of man, he shall condemn the same, and order it to be destroyed or so disposed of as to prevent it from being exposed for sale or, ; used for the food of man; and the person to whom the same belongs or did belong at the time of sale or exposure for sale, or, deposit qr transmission for the purpose of sale, or of preparation for sale, or in whose possession or on whose premises the same was found, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds for every animal or article, or if the article consists of fruit, vegetables, corn, bread, or flour, for every parcel thereof so condemned, unless he proves that he and the person acting on his behalf (if any) did not know, and could not with reasonable care have known, that, it was in such a condition, or where the proceedings are before a sheriff, at the discretion of the court, if it finds that he has knowingly and wilfully committed the offence, he shall be liable without the infliction of a penalty, to imprisonment for a term of not more than three months with or without hard labour, and also to pay all expanses caused by the seizure, detention, or disposal thereof.

Provided that if such person proves that the animal or part thereof condemned as aforesaid was within a reasonable time prior to' the seizure thereof examined upon the premises where the animal was slaughtered and passed by a veterinary sfirgeoh approved as aforesaid called in for the purpose, and who shall have

' L.

84

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland), 1897. 60 & 61 Tier.

granted a certificate of passing as nearly as may be as in the next sub-section provided, or by a veterinary surgeon in terms of that sub-section, he shall be exempt from penalty or imprisonment under this section for such oftenee.

(3.) Each local authority, or two or more loc il authorities in combination, may, if they think fit, appoint a place or places within its district or their districts, and fix a time or times at which a veterinary surgeon approved as aforesaid shall attend for the purpose of examining any animal alive or dead which may there be submitted to him, and passing or condemning the same, and such veterinary surgeon shall, on receipt of a fee to be fixed by the local authority or authorities and paid by the owner, examine and pass or condemn in whole or in part any animal or carcase so submitted to him; and if he shall pass the same he shall grant a certificate of passing which shall set forth the name of the owner, the date and hour of examination, and such particulars regarding the animal or carcase as the local authority or authorities may prescribe for the purpose of aiding in the subsequent identification of the same; and if he shall condemn the animal or carcase, or part thereof, the animal or carcase or part so condemned shall be retained and be forthwith destroyed by the local authority or authorities or so disposed of as to prevent it from being exposed for sale or used for the food of man, and the owner shall be entitled to the net price realised from the residual product of the carcase or part so condemned, if any, after deducting the expenses of condemnation and destruction. Provided that no carcase shall be submitted for examination, either under this or the immediately preceding sub-section, unless as a whole carcase, including the thoracic and abdominal viscera, in such manner that the examiner shall be readily able to satisfy himself that the organs are those of the carcase under inspection.

(4.) Where it is shown that any animal or article liable to be seized under this section and found in the possession of any person was purchased by him or consigned to him from another person for the food of man, and when so purchased or consigned was in such a condition as to be liable to be seized and condemned under this section, the person who so sold or consigned the same shall be liable to be brought to trial in the district in which such animal or article was seized, and on conviction shall be liable to the penalty and imprisonment above mentioned, unless he proves that, at the time he sold or consigned the said animal or article, he and the person acting on his behalf, if any, did not know, and could not with reasonable care have known, that it was in such a condition.

(5.) A copy of any certificate granted by a veterinary surgeon, under sub-sections two or three of this section, shall forthwith be sent by him to the chief constable of the jurisdiction in which the examination of the animal or carcase took place, and the certificate itself shall be sent by the person selling the animal or carcase forthwith after the sale, and not more than seven days from the date of the certificate, to the chief constable of the jurisdiction in which the tale of the animal or carcase took place, and if any

1897.

Public Health (Scotland), 1897.

Ch. 38.

85

veterinary surgeon or person shall contravene this enactment he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding, twenty pounds.

(6.) Where a person convicted of an offence under this section has been within twelve months previously convicted of an offence under this section, the sheriff, magistrate, or justice may, if he thinks fit, and finds that the offender knowingly and wilfully committed both such offences, order that a notice of the facts be affixed, in such form and manner and for such period not exceeding twenty-one days as the sheriff, magistrate, or justice may order, to any premises occupied by that person, and that the person do pay the costs of such affixing, and if any person obstructs the affixing of such notice, or removes, defaces, or conceals the notice while affixed during the said period, he shall for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

(7.) If the occupier of a licensed slaughter-house is convicted of an offence under this section the sheriff, magistrate, or justice convicting him may cancel the licence for such slaughter-house.

(8.) If any person obstructs a medical officer, sanitary inspector, or veterinarj' surgeon as aforesaid in the performance of his duty under this section he shall, where the proceedings are before a sheriff, and where the sheriff is satisfied that the obstruction was with intent to prevent the discovery of an offence under this section, or that the accused has within twelve months previously been convicted of such obstruction, be liable to imprisonment for any term not exceeding one month in lieu of any penalty authorised by this Act for such obstruction.

(9.) A sheriff* magistrate, or justice, may act in adjudicating on au offender under this section whether he has or has not acted in ordering the animal or article to be destroyed or disposed of.

PART III.

General Prevention and Mitigation of Disease.

Infect ions Diseases. — Not ification.

44. From and after the commencement of this Act the pro- Notification

visions of the Infectious Disease (Notification) Act, 1889, shall of infectious extend to and take effect in every district in Scotland, whether it Vict,

has or has not been adopted before the said commencement. c. 72.

Infectiows Diseases. — Prevention.

45. The medical officer may, at reasonable times, in the daytime, Power to enter and inspect any house or premises in the district in which he inspect

has reason to believe that any infectious disease exists, or has r^“t^gwllore recently existed, and the medical officer may examine any person disease found on such premises with a view to ascertaining whether such supposed to person is suffering, or has recently suffered, from any infectious cxl8t* disease, and in the event of admission, inspection, or examination being refused, the sheriff, or magistrate, or justice may, on reasonable cause shown, grant warrant authorising such entry, inspection, and examination, and on such warrant being obtained and exhibited, any person refusing to admit the medical officer to such

86

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. CO & G1 Vict.

Provision of means for disinfecting bedding, &c.

Cleansing and disinfecting of premises, 8c c.

house or premises, or obstructing him in making the inspection or examination aforesaid, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every such offence.

46. — (1.) Every local authority may, and when required by the Board shall, provide, either within or without their district, proper premises with all necessary apparatus and attendance for the destruction and for the disinfection, and carriages or vessels for the removal, of articles (whether bedding, clothing, or other) /which have become infected by any infectious disease, and shall cause any such articles brought for destruction or disinfection to be destroyed, or to be disinfected and returned, and may remove, and may destroy, or disinfect and return, such articles free of charge.

(2.) Any local authorities may execute their duty under this section by combining for the purposes thereof, or by contracting for the use by one of the contracting authorities of any premises, or of any apparatus or appliances, provided for the purpose of this section by another of such contracting authorities, and may so combine or contract upon such terms as may be agreed upon.

47. — (1.) Where it appears to the local authority, upon the certificate of the medical officer or any other legally qualified metrical practitioner, that the cleansing and disinfecting of any house, or part thereof, and of any articles therein likely to retain infection, or the destruction of such articles, would tend to prevent or check any infectious disease, the local authority may serve notice on the occupier, or where the house or part thereof is unoccupied on the owner, of such house or part thereof that the same and any such articles therein will be cleansed and disinfected, or (as regards the articles) destroyed, by the local authority, unless the person so notified informs the local authority, within a time to be specified in the notice from the receipt of the said notice, that he will cleanse and disinfect the house or part thereof and any such articles, or destroy such articles, to the satisfaction of the medical officer or of any other legally qualified medical practitioner, as testified by certificate by him, within a time fixed in the notice.

(2.) If either —

(a)within the time specified as aforesaid from the receipt of the notice, the person on wdiom the notice is served does not inform the local authority as aforesaid; or ‘ (b) having so informed the local authority, he fails to have the house or part thereof and any such articles disinfected, or such articles destroyed, as aforesaid within the time fixed in the notice; or

(c) the occupier or owner, as the case may be, without such notice gives his consent; the house, or part thereof, and articles, shall be cleansed and disinfected, or such articles destroyed by the officers of, and at the cost of, the local authority.

(3.) For the purpose of carrying into effect this section the local authority may enter by day on any premises.

(4.) If the local authority deem it necessary to remove from any house or part thereof, or from any tenement of houses, all or any of

1897.

Public Health (Scotl 1897.

Ch. 38.

87

the residents not being themselves sick, on account of the existence or recent existence therein of infectious disease, or for the purpose of disinfecting such house or part thereof, or such tenement Or part thereof, they may make application to a sheriff, magistrate, or justice, and the sheriff, magistrate, or justice, if satisfied of the necessity of such removal, may grant a warrant authorising the local authority to remove such residents, and imposing such conditions as to time and otherwise as to him may seem fit. Provided always, that no such warrant shall be necessary when the removal is carried out with the consent of any such resident or his parent or guardian.

The local authority shall, and they are hereby empowered, to provide temporary shelter or house accommodation, and, if necessary, maintenance with any necessary attendants, free of charge, for such persons while prevented from returning to such house or part thereof or such tenement or part thereof.

(5.) When the local authority have disinfected any house, part of a house, or any article, under the provisions of this section, they shall compensate the occupier or owner of such house, or part of a house, or the owner of such article, for any unnecessary damage thereby caused to such house, part of a house, or article and when the authority destroy any article under this section they shall reasonably compensate the owner thereof; and the amount of any such compensation shall be recoverable in a summary manner.

For the purpose of this section the word “ house ” includes any tent or van or any ship lying in any sea, river, harbour, or other water or ex ad verso of any place within the limits of the local authority. '

48. — (1.) Any local authority may serve a notice on the owner Disinfection

of any bedding, clothing, or other articles which have been exposed of g, to the infection of any infectious disease, requiring the delivery c* thereof to an officer of th local authority for removal for the purpose of destruction or disinfection; and if any person fails '

to comply with such notice he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

(2.) The bedding, clothing, and articles if so disinfected by the local authority, shall be brought back and delivered to the owner free of charge, and if any of them suffer any unnecessary damage, the authority shall compensate the owner for the same, and the authority shall also reasonably compensate the owner for any articles destroyed; and the amqunt of compensation shall be recoverable in a summary manner.

49. Whenever it shall be certified to the local authority by the Persons medical officer of health that it is desirable, with a view to prevent engaged in the spread of infectious disease, that they should be furnished with SSSifJ* a list of the customers of any person or company earning a etothesto livelihood or deriving gain by the washing or mangling of clothes, famish list of the local authority may require such person Or company to furnish

to them a full and complete list of the names and addresses of the certain cases, owners of clothes for whom such person or company washes or mangles, or has washed or mangled, during the past Six weeks, and such person or company shall furtnsh such list accordingly,

88

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Infectious matter thrown into ash-pits, fee. to be disinfected.

Penalty on letting houses in which infected persons have been lodging.

Penalty on persons letting houses making false statements as to infectious disease.

Penalty on ceaBing to occupy house without disinfection or notice to owner, or on making false answer.

and the local authority shall pay to him, her, or them, for every such list, the sum of sixpence, and at the rate of sixpence for every twenty-five names contained therein, but no such payment shall exceed three shillings, and every person who shall wilfully or knowingly offend against this enactment shall, for each such offence, be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

50. — (1) If a person knowingly casts, or causes or permits to be cast, into any ash-pit, or otherwise exposes any matter or article infected by infectious disease, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and, if the offence continues, to a further penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every day during which the offence so continues after the notice hereafter in this section mentioned.

(2.) The local authority shall cause their officers to serve notice of the provisions of this section on the occupier of any house, or part of a house, in which they are aware that there is a person suffering from an infectious disease.

51. — (1.) Any person who knowingly lets for hire any house, or part of a house, in which any person has been suffering from any infectious disease, without having such house or part of a house, and all articles therein liable to retain infection, disinfected to the satisfaction of the medical officer as testified by a certificate signed by him, or (as regards the articles) destroyed, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2.) For the purposes of this section, the keeper of an inn or hotel shall be deemed to let for hire part of a house to any person admitted as a guest into such inn or hotel.

52. Any person letting for hire, or showing for the purpose of letting for hire, any house or part thereof, who, on being questioned by any person negotiating for the hire as to the fact of there being, or within six weeks previously having been, therein any person suffering from any infectious disease, knowingly makes a false answer to such question, shall be liable, at the discretion of the sheriff, magistrate, or justice, to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, or, where the proceedings are before a sheriff, to imprisonment with or without hard labour, for a period not exceeding one month.

53. — (1.) Where a person ceases to occupy any house, or part of a house, in which any person has within six weeks previously been suffering from any infectious disease, and either —

(a) fails to have such house, or part of a house, and all articles therein liable to retain infection, disinfected to the satisfaction of the medical officer, as testified by a certificate signed by him, or such articles destroyed; or

(b) fails to give to the owner or occupier of such house, or part of a house, notice of the previous existence of such disease; or

(c) on being questioned by the owrner or occupier of, or by any person negotiating for the hire of, such house or part of a house, as to the fact of there having, wiithin six weeks

\jiU\JV

1897.

Public Health (Scotl), 1897.

Ch. 38.

89

previously been therein any person suffering from any infectious disease, knowingly makes a false answer to such question,

he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2.) The local authority shall cause their officers to serve notice of the provisions of this section on the occupier of any house, or part of a house, in which they are aware that there is a person suffering from an infectious disease.

54. — (1.) A person suffering from any infectious disease, who Removal to

is without proper lodging or accommodation, or is so lodged that of

proper precautions cannot be taken for preventing the spread per^ns with-of the disease, or is lodged in a tent or van, or in a room oat proper occupied by others besides those necessarily in attendance on lodSmS-such person, or is on board a ship, may, on a certificate signed

by the medical officer or other legally qualified medical practitioner, and with the consent of the superintending body of the hospital to which he is to be removed, be removed by order of a sheriff, magistrate, or justice, on the application and at the cost of the local authority of the district where such person is found, to any hospital in or within a convenient distance of such district, or, in the case of a combination as herein-after provided, in or within a convenient distance of the combined district, or the sheriff, magistrate, or justice may direct the removal from the room or house occupied by such person of all others not in attendance on him, the local authority providing suitable accommodation for such person or persons; and such person may be detained in such hospital so long as he continues in an infected condition. Provided always that no such order shall be necessary where the removal is carried out with the consent of the patient or his parent or guardian.

(2.) The order may be addressed to any constable or officer of the local authority as the sheriff, magistrate, or justice making the same, thinks expedient; and if any person wilfully disobeys or obstructs the execution of such order, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

55. — (1.) A sheriff, magistrate, or justice, on being satisfied Detention of on the application of the local authority that a person suffering JJ^ns with- from any infectious disease is in a hospital, and would not on out proper leaving the hospital be provided with lodging or accommodation in lodging in which proper precautions could be taken to prevent the spreading 08pi

of the disease by such person, may direct such person to be detained in the hospital at the cost of the local authority during the time limited by the sheriff, magistrate, or justice, who may enlarge the time as often as appears to him necessary for preventing the spread of the disease.

(2.) The direction may be earned into execution by any officer of any local authority, or by any police constable, or any officer of the hospital.

56. — (1.) If any person — Penalty on

(a) while suffering from any infectious disease wilfully exposes exposure

himself without proper precautions against spreading the said ^Jnfand disease in any street, public place, shop, inn, hotel, church, or things.

G

90

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Penalty on sending child to school, so as to spread infection.

Prohibitions on infected person carrying on business.

Prohibition on conveyance, &c. of

any place used in common by persons other than members of the family or household to which such infected person belongs; or

(b) being in charge of any person so suffering, so exposes such sufferer; or

(c) knowingly gives, lends, sells, pawns, transmits, removes, or exposes, or permits to be washed or exposed in any wash-house or washing green which is used in common by persons other than the family or household to which the infected person belongs, without previous disinfection, to the satisfaction of the medical officer or of some legally qualified medical practitioner as certified by him in writing, any bedding, clothing, or other articles which have been exposed to infection from any such disease; or

(d) wakes or permits to be waked in any house, room, or place over which he has control the body of any person who has died of any infectious disease; he shall be liable to a penalty not exceedingfive pounds.

(2.) Provided that proceedings under this section shall not be taken against persons transmitting with proper precautions any bedding, clothing, or other articles for the purpose of having the same disinfected.

57. Every parent or person having carfe or charge of a child who is or has been suffering from infectious disease, or who resides in a house where such disease exists or has existed within a period of three months, who shall knowingly or negligently permit Such child to attend school without procuring and producing to the teacher or other person in charge of such school a certificate from the medical officer, which he shall grant free of charge, or from some legally qualified medical practitioner, that such child has become free from disease and infection, and that the house and everything therein exposed to infection has been disinfected to "the satisfaction of such medical officer or medical practitioner, shall be liable to a penally not exceeding forty shillings.

Provided that if a person is not required to send notice in the first instance but only in default of some other person, he shall not be liable to any penalty, if he satisfies the court that he had reasonable cause to suppose that the notice had been duly sent.

Any teacher or person in charge of any school, who shall knowingly permit any child to attend such school in contravention of the provisions of this section, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

58. No person suffering from an infectious disease, or who is living in an infected house, shall milk any animal, or pick fruit, or shall engage in any occupation connected with food, or carry on any trade or business in such a manner as to be likely to spread such disease, and any person who knowing himself to be suffering from any infectious disease contravenes this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

59. It shall not be lawful for any owner or person in charge of a public conveyance or ship knowingly to convey therein, or

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

91

for any other person knowingly to place therein, a person suffering from any infectious disease, or for a person suffering from any such disease to enter any public conveyance or ship, and any person contravening any of the foregoing provisions shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds; and if any person so suffering is conveyed in aiiy public conveyance or ship, the owner or person in charge thereof, as soon as it comes to his knowledge, shall give notice to the local authority, and shall cause such conveyance or ship to be disinfected, and if he fails so to do he shall be liable to a fine nob exceeding five pounds, and such owner or person in charge shall be entitled to recover in a summary manner from the person so conveyed by him, or from the person ciusing that person to be so conveyed, a sum sufficient to cover any loss and expense incurred by him in connexion with such disinfection. It shall be the duty of the local authority, when so requested by such owner or person in charge, to provide for the disinfection of the same, and they may do so free of charge. But nothing contained in this section shall prevent the removal by railway train or by ship of persons suffering from infectious disease, if they are conveyed within an ambulance-waggon, or other proper vehicle provided or approved by the local authority.

60. — (1.) If the medical officer of any district has evidence that any person in the district is suffering from an infectious disease attributable to milk supplied within the district from any dairy situate within the district, or that the milk from any such dairy is likely to cause any such disease to any person residing in the district, such medical officer shall visit such dairy, and the medical officer shall examine the dairy and every person engaged in the service thereof or resident upon the premises or who may be resident in any premises where any person employed in such dairy may reside, and if accompanied by a veterinary surgeon approved as aforesaid shall examine the animals therein, and the medical officer shall forthwith report the results of his examination accompanied by the report of the veterinary surgeon, if any, to the local authority or any committee of the local authority appointed under section fourteen to deal with such matters.

(2.) If the medical officer of any district has evidence that any person in the district is suffering from any infectious disease attributable to milk from any dairy without the district, or that the milk from any such dairy is likely to cause any such disease to any person residing in the district, such medical officer shall forthwith intimate the same to the local authority of the district in which such dairy is situate, and such other local authority shall be bound, forthwith, by its medical officer to examine the dairy and the persons aforesaid, and by a veterinary surgeon approved as aforesaid, to examine the animals therein, previous notice of the time of such examination having been given to the local authority of the first-mentioned district, in order that the medical officer or any veterinary surgeon approved as aforesaid may, if they so desire, be present at the examinations referred to, and the medical officer of the second-mentioned local authority shall forthwith

G 2

infected person in public conveyance.

Inspection of dairies, and power to prohibit supply of milk.

92

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland), 1897. GO & 61 VICT-

report the results of his examination, accompanied by the report of the veterinary surgeon, if any, to that local authority or any* committee of that local authority appointed under section fourteen of this Act to deal with such matters.

(3.) 'The local authority of the district in which the dairy i» situated, or any committee appointed for the purpose, shall meet forthwith and consider the reports together with any other evidence that may be submitted by parties concerned, and shall either make an order requiring the dairyman not to supply any milk from the dairy until the order hns been withdrawn by the local authority, or resolve that no such order is necessary.

(4.) Where proceedings are taken or any order is made under this section by the local authority of a district other than a burghr it shall not be competent to appeal against the said proceedings or against said order to the county council.

(5.) The local authority may, if the dairy is within the district, require the dairyman not to supply milk either within or without the district, and shall give notice of the fact to the local authority of any district within which they believe milk to be supplied from such dairy.

(6.) Any such order shall be forthwith withdrawn on the local authority, or their medical officer on their behalf, being satisfied that the milk from the dairy is no longer likely to cause infectious, disease.

(7.) It shall be open to any local authority or daily man. aggrieved by any such resolution or order, or withdrawal of order, to appeal in a summary manner to a sheriff having jurisdiction in the district in which the dairy is situated, and the sheriff may either make an order requiring the dairyman to cease from supplying milk, or may vary or rescind any order which has been made by the local authority, and he may at any time withdraw any order made under this section. Pending the disposal of any such appeal, the order shall remain in force.

(8.) If any person refuses to permit the medical officer or veterinary surgeon of either local authority to make examination as above provided, or, after any order has been made under this, section, supplies milk in contravention of the order, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and, if the offence continues, to a further penalty not exceeding five pounds for every day during which the offence continues.

(9.) Provided that —

(a) proceedings in respect of the offence shall be taken before a sheriff having jurisdiction in the place wheie the dairy is situate; and

(b) a dairyman shall not be liable to an action for breach of contract if the breach be due to an order under this section.

(10.) Nothing in or done under this section shall interfere with the operation or effect of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1886, or of any order, licence, or act of the Privy Council or the Board thereunder, or of any regulation, licence, or act of a local authority, made, granted, or done under any such order of the Privy Council or the Board, or exempt any dairy, building, or

1897.

Public Health (Scotl) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

93

thing, or any person from the provisions of any general Act relating to dairies, milk, or animals.

61. Whenever it shall be certified to the local authority, by the Dairymen medical officer or other legally qualified medical practitioner, that /nforSStion the outbreak or spread of infectious disease within the district is, and topnKiuce in the opinion of such medical officer or medical practitioner, list of attributable to milk supplied by any dairyman, whether wholesale 2hwo7

or retail, or to milk supplied by one or other of several such dairymen, whether wholesale or retail, -^-

(1.) The local authority may require such dairyman, whether within or without the district, to furnish to them within a time to be fixed by them, being not less than twenty-four hours, a full and complete list of the name3 and addresses of all his customers within the district so far as known to him, and such dairyman shall furnish such list accordingly, and the local authority shall pay to him for every such list at the rate of sixpence for every twenty-five names contained therein; and every person who shall wilfully or knowingly offend against this enactment shall for each such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding forty shillings;

(2.) The local authority may require such dairyman to furnish to them, within a time to be fixed by them, a full and complete list of the names and addresses of the farmers, dairymen, or other parties from whom, during a period to be specified, the milk, or any part of the milk which they sell or distribute, was obtained, and, if required, to produce and exhibit to the medical officer, or to any person deputed by him, all invoices, pass-books, accounts, or contracts, connected with the consignment or purchase of milk during such period, and such dairymen or others shall furnish such lists and produce and exhibit such invoices, pass-books, accounts, or contracts, accordingly; and every person who shall wilfully or knowingly offend against this enactment shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding forty shillings;

<3.) In any case where the person liable to any penalty under this section is not resident within the district, such penalty may be sued for at the instance of the procurator fiscal before the sheriff of the county in which such person is either domiciled or carries on business.

62. — (1.) A person shall not without the sanction in writing of Prohibition the medical officer, or of a legally qualified medical practitioner, ^ea^body^n retain unburied for more than forty-eight hours elsewhere than in certain cases, a room not used at the time as a dwelling-place, sleeping-place, or workroom, the body of any person who has died of any infectious disease.

(2.) If a person acts in contravention of this section he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

63. — (1.) If a person dies in a hospital or place of temporary .

accommodation for the sick from any infectious disease, and the £f infectious

b;

94

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Ac, 1897. 60 & 61 VICT.

disease in hospital, &c. to be removed only for burial.

Disinfection of public conveyances if used for carrying corpses.

Byelaws as to public conveyances.

Power of local authority to provide hospitals.

medical officer, or any legally qualified medical practitioner, certifies that in his opinion it is desirable, in order to prevent the risk of communicating such disease or of spreading infection, that the body be not removed from such hospital or place except for the purpose of being forthwith buried, it shall not be lawful for any person to remove the body except for that purpose; and the body when taken out of such hospital or place shall be forthwith taken direct to the place of burial and there buried.

(2.) If any person wilfully offends against this section he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall prevent the removal of a dead body from a hospital to a mortuary, and such mortuary shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed part of such hospital.

64. If —

(a) a person hires or uses a public conveyance, or a conveyance that is let for hire, other than a hearse, for conveying the body of a person who has died from any infectious disease, without previously notifying to the owner or driver of the conveyance that such person died from such disease; or

(b) the owner or driver, immediately on its coming to his knowledge that such conveyance is being or has been used for conveying such body, does not take all reasonable precautions to prevent the spread of infection, or does not forthwith give intimation to the local authority and provide for the disinfection of the conveyance to the satisfaction of the local authority,

such person or such owner or driver shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and, if the offence continues, to a further penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every day during which the offence continues.

65. The local authority may make byelaws for securing the cleanliness and sanitary condition of public conveyances plying within its district, and for preventing overcrowding in such conveyances.

Hospitals and ,

66. — (1.) Any local authority may, and if required by the Board shall, provide, furnish, and maintain for the use of inhabitants of their district suffering from infectious disease, hospitals, temporary or permanent, and houses of reception for convalescents from infectious diseases, or for persons who have been exposed to infection, and for that purpose may —

(a) themselves build such hospitals or houses; or

(b) contract for the use of any such hospital or house or part thereof; or

(c) enter into any agreement with any person having the management of any such hospital or house or part thereof on payment of such annual or other sum as may be agreed on;

(d) any local authority, with the consent of the Board, may also or in place of providing such hospitals or houses as aforesaid, employ nurses to attend the persons suffering from infectious

1897.

Public Health (ScotlAct, 1897.

Ch. 38.

95

disease in their own houses, and also supply medicines and medical attendance for such sick.

(2.) Two or more local authorities may, and if required by the Board shall, combine in providing, furnishing and maintaining a common hospital or house of reception, or in employing nurses on terms to be agreed on, and failing agreement to be fixed by the Board, whose determination shall be binding.

(3.) No contract for the use of any such hospital or house or part

thereof shall be entered into without the consent of the Board, and no such hospital or house of reception shall be provided, unless and until the site and plans for the construction thereof have been approved of by the Board. Provided always that such site shall be in or within a convenient distance of the district of the local authority, or, in the case of a combination in terms of this section, in or within a convenient distance of the combined district.

(4.) A local authority may with the sanction and subject to regulations made by the Board provide and maintain one or more portable hospitals for the use of their district.

67. A local authority may provide and maintain, or may combine with one or more local authorities in providing and maintaining, carriages suitable for the conveyance of persons suffering from any infectious disease, and pay the expense of conveying therein any person so suffering to a hospital or other place of destination.

Mortua/rieSy See.

68. Every local authority may provide and fit up a proper place or places for the reception of dead bodies before interment (in this Act called a mortuary), and may make byelaws with respect to the management and charges for the use of the same.

69. — (1.) Where either —

(a) the body of a person who has died of any infectious disease is retained in a room in which persons live or sleep; or

(b) the body of a person who has died of any infectious disease is retained without the sanction in writing of the medical officer or any legally qualified medical practitioner for more than forty-eight hours, elsewhere than in a room not used at the time as a dwelling-place, sleeping-place, or workroom; or

(c) any dead body is retained in any house or room or ship under circumstances which, if continued, may endanger the health of the inmates thereof, or of any adjoining or neighbouring house or building; or

(d) any dead body found within the district is unclaimed or no sufficient person undertakes to bury it,

a sheriff, magistrate or justice may, on a certificate signed by a medical officer or other legally qualified medical practitioner, direct that the body be removed, at the cost of the local authority, to any available mortuary, and be buried within the time limited by the sheriff, magistrate or justice; and may if it is the body of a person who has died of an infectious disease, or if he considers immediate burial necessary, direct that the body be buried immediately, without removal to the mortuary.

Provision of conveyance for infected persons.

Power of local authority to provide mortuaries.

Power of sheriff, &c., in certain cases to order removal of dead body to mortuary.

96

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Power of local authority to provide places for postmortem examinations.

Power to sanitary authorities to unite for providing mortuary.

Power of local authority to make byelaws as to lodging-houses.

(2.) Unless the friends or relations of the deceased undertake to bury and do bury, the body within the time so limited, it shall be the duty of the local authority to bury such body, and any expense so incurred may be recovered by them in a summary manner from any person legally liable to pay the expenses of such burial.

(3.) It shall not be lawful to transport the body of any person who has died of any infectious disease by railway or other public conveyance, not being a conveyance reserved for such purpose, unless and until the medical officer, or other legally qualified medical practitioner, has certified that every precaution necessary for the public safety has been adopted to his satisfaction, and any undertaker or other person who shall without such certificate knowingly remove or assist in removing, and any person who shall procure or endeavour to procure the removal of such dead body without having obtained such certificate shall be liable to the penalty herein-after mentioned in this section.

(4.) If any person obstructs the execution of any direction given by a sheriff, magistrate, or justice, under this section, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

70. — (1.) Any local authority may provide and maintain a proper building (otherwise than at a poorhouse) for the reception of dead bodies during the time required to conduct any post-mortem examination ordered by a lawful authority, and may make regulations with respect to the management of such building.

(2.) Any such building may be provided in connexion with a mortuary, but this enactment shall not authorise the conducting of any post-mortem examination in a mortuary.

71. Any local authorities may, with the approval of the Board, execute their duty under this Act with respect to mortuaries and buildings for post-mortem examinations by combining for the purpose thereof, or by contracting for the use by one of the contracting authorities of any such mortuary or building provided by another of such contracting authorities, and may so combine or contract upon such terms as may be agreed upon.

Byelaws as to Houses let in Lodgings.

72. — (1.) Every local authority may, and if required by the Board shall, make and enforce for the whole or any part of their district such byelaws as are requisite for the following matters; (that is to say,)

(a) for fixing the number of persons who may occupy a house or part of a house which is let in lodgings or occupied by members of more than one family:

(b) for the registration of houses so let or occupied:

(c) for the inspection of such houses:

(d) for enforcing sufficient privy or watercloset accommodation and other appliances and means of cleanliness in proportion to the number of lodgers or occupiers, drainage for such houses, and for promoting cleanliness and ventilation in such houses, and for the cleansing and ventilation of the common passages and staircas^g

97

1897. Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. Ch. 38.

(e) for the cleansing and limewashing at stated times of the premises:

(f) for the giving of notices and the taking of precautions in case of any infectious disease.

(2.) This section shall not apply to common lodging-houses within the provisions of this Act relating to common lodging-houses, but. shall apply to farmed-out houses, that is to say, to houses of one or two apartments taken on lease by any person, and let or rented to several occupiers for limited periods as furnished apartments, as also to all boarding-houses for seamen and emigrants, irrespective of the charge made for the board and lodging therein.

Tents and Vans.

73. — (1.) A tent, van, shed, or similar structure, used for human Tents and vans, habitation, which is in such a state as to be a nuisance or injurious or dangerous to health, or is so overcrowded as to be injurious or habitation, dangerous to the health of the inmates, shall be a nuisance liable to be dealt with summarily under this Act.

(2.) A local authority may make byelaws for promoting cleanliness in, and the habitable condition of, tents, vans, sheds, and similar structures, used for human habitation, and for preventing the spread of infectious disease by the persons inhabiting the same, and generally for the prevention of nuisances in connexion with the

same.

(3.) Where the medical officer or sanitary inspector has reasonable cause to believe either —

(a) that any tent, van, shed, or similar structure, used for human habitation, is in such a state or so overcrowded as aforesaid, or that there is any contravention therein of any byelaw made under this section; or

(b) that there is in any such tent, van, shed, or structure, any person suffering from an infectious disease, or that any infectious disease has recently existed therein,

he may enter at reasonable times in the daytime, such tent, van, shed, or structure, and examine the same and every part thereof, and the medical officer may examine any person found therein, in order to ascertain whether such tent, van, shed, or structure, is in such a state or so overcrowded as aforesaid, or whether there is therein any such contravention, or a person suffering from an infectious disease, and the provisions of this Act with respect to the entry into any premises by an officer of the local authority shall be in force for the purposes of this section.

(4.) Nothing in this section shall apply to any tent, van, shed, or structure, erected or used by any portion of Her Majesty's naval or military forces.

Underground Dwellings.

74. It shall not be lawful to let separately, except as a ware- Rules as to house or storehouse, or to suffer to be occupied as a dwelling- underground place, any cellar or any vault or underground room, whether dwe xn^* conjoined or not with another apartment not having one of its external sides entirely above the level of the street or ground adjoining the same, and not having a window or other opening in

98

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Penalty on letting undergronnd dwellings.

Cases in which two convictions have occurred within three months.

CoBt of vaccination.

such side, which cellar, vault, or room in every part shall be less in height from the floor to the ceiling than eight feet in the case of houses built prior to the commencement of this Act, or les9 in height than nine feet in the case of houses built subsequently to the commencement of this Act, or which shall be less than one-third of its height above the level of the street or ground adjoining the same, or otherwise shall not have three feet at least of its height from the floor to the ceiling above the said level, with an open area of two feet six inches wide from the level of the floor of such cellar, vault, or room up to the level of the said street or ground, or which shall not have appurtenant thereto the use of a watercloset or earth-closet or privy and ashpit, or' which shall not also have a glazed window made to open to the full extent of the half thereof, the area of which is not less than nine superficial feet clear of the frame, and a fireplace with a chimney or flue, or which cellar, vault, or underground room, being an inner or back vault or cellar let or occupied along with a front vault or room as part of the same letting or occupation, has not a ventilating flue (unless such inner or back vault or cellar shall be part of a house built before the commencement of this Act) or which shall not be well and effectually drained by means of a drain, constructed of a gas-tight pipe or otherwise effectually sealed, the uppermost part of which is one foot at least below the level of the floor of such vault, cellar, or room, after the local authority have given notice to the owners thereof that the letting or occupation of such cellars, vaults, or underground rooms, as dwelling-places is prohibited from that time forth, and it shall be the duty of the local authority to issue such notices from time to time, as soon as is convenient, until such notice has been given with respect to every cellar, vault, or underground room, occupied as a dwelling-house within the district; and it shall not be lawful, after such notice, to let or continue to let, or to occupy or suffer to be occupied, separately as a dwelling-house any such vault, cellar, or underground room.

75. Every person who lets separately, or who knowingly suffers to be occupied for hire, or permits to be occupied as a dwelling, any vault, cellar, or underground room, contrary to the provisions of this Act, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings for every day during which such vault, cellar, or room, is so occupied after conviction of the first offence.

76. Where two convictions against the provisions of this Act relating to the overcrowding of any house, or the occupation of any cellar, vault, or underground room, os a separate dwelling-place, shall have taken place within the period of three months, whether the person so convicted was or was not the same, it shall be lawful for the sheriff to direct the closing of such premises for such time as he may deem necessary, and, in the case of cellars occupied as aforesaid, to empower the local authority to permanently close the same in such manner as they may deem fit.

Vaccination.

77. The local authority may defray the cost of vaccinating or re-vaccinating such persons as to them may seem expedient.

1897.

Ch. 38.

99

Public Health (Scotland), 1897.

PART IV.

Prevention of Epidemic Diseases.

78. The Board may from time to time make, alter, and revoke such regulations as to the said Board may seem fit, with a view to the treatment of persons affected with any epidemic, endemic, or infectious disease, and preventing the spread of such diseases, as well on the seas, rivers, and waters of Scotland, and on the high seas within three miles of the coast thereof, as on land; and may declare by what authority or authorities such regulations shall be enforced and executed.

79. Whenever any part of Scotland appears to be threatened with or is affected by any formidable epidemic, endemic, or infectious disease, the Board may make and from time to time alter and revoke regulations for all or any of the following purposes; (namely,)

(1.) For the speedy interment of the dead;

(2.) For house to house visitation;

(3.) For the provision of medical aid, dispensing of medicine, and accommodation, for the promotion of cleansing, ventilation, and disinfection, and for guarding against the spread of disease;

(4.) For any such matters or things as may to them appear advisable for preventing or mitigating such disease; and may by order declare all or any of the regulations so made to be in force within the whole or any part or parts of the district of any local authority, and to apply to any ships, whether in ports or on inland waters or on arms or parts of the sea within the jurisdiction of the Admiralty, for the period in such order mentioned; and may by any subsequent order abridge or extend such period.

The Board may with the consent of the Treasury, employ such additional clerks as may be necessary during such period, and the remuneration of such clerks, and the office expenses incurred under this Part of this Act by the Board, shall be defrayed out of money to be provided by Parliament.

80. All regulations and orders made by the Board in pursuance of this Part of this Act shall be published in the Edinburgh Gazette, and such publication shall be conclusive evidence thereof for all purposes.

81. The local authority of any district within which or part of which regulations so issued by the Board are declared to be in force, shall superintend and see to the execution thereof, and shall appoint and pay such medical or other officers or persons, and do and provide all such acts, matters, and things as may be necessary for mitigating any such disease, or for superintending or aiding in the execution of such regulations, or for executing the same, as the case may require.

82. The local authority and their officers shall have power of entry on any premises for the purpose of executing or superintending the execution of any regulations so issued by the Board as aforesaid

General power of Board to make regu lations.

Power of Board to make regulations for certain purposes.

Publication of regulations and orders.

Local authority to see to execution of regulations.

Power of entry.

100

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Board may combine local authorities

When regulation in force, overcrowded houses to come under common lodging-houses provisions.

Enforcement of regulations by Government officers, &c.

Regulations to be uniform.

Penalties.

Transfer of power under 39 & 40 Vict. c. 86. s. 284.

83. The Board may, if they think fit, by order authorise or require any two or more local authorities to act together for the purposes of tins Part of this Act, and may prescribe the mode of such joint action, and of defraying the costs thereof.

84. When any such regulation so issued by the Board is in force in any place, on the certificate of a medical officer, or of two duly qualified medical practitioners, or on the report of a sanitary inspector, or other sufficient evidence, that any house, or part of a house, is so overcrowded as to be dangerous to health, the local authority shall have power to regulate the same according to the provisions of this Act in reference to common lodging-houses.

85. — (1.) Regulations of the Board made in pursuance of this Part of this Act may provide for such regulations being enforced and executed by the officers of Customs and the officers and men employed in the Coastguard as well as by other authorities and officers, and without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by this Part of this Act may provide for —

(a) the signals to be hoisted by vessels having any case of epidemic, endemic, or infectious disease on board; and

(b) the questions to be answered by masters, pilots, and other persons on board any vessel as to cases of such disease on board during the voyage or on the arrival of the vessel; and

(c) the detention of vessels and of persons on board vessels; and

(d) the duties to be performed in cases of such disease by masters, pilots, and other persons on board vessels.

(2.) Provided that the regulations shall be subject to the consent —

(a) so far as they apply to the officers of Customs, of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs; and

(b) so far as they apply to officers or men employed in the Coastguard, of the Admiralty; and

(c) so far as they apply to signals, of the Board of Trade.

86. In the making of the regulations referred to in this Part of this Act regard shall be had to the expediency of uniform regulations throughout the whole of the United Kingdom.

87. If any person wilfully neglects or refuses to obey or carry out, or obstructs the execution of, any regulation made under this Part of this Act, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds, and in the case of a continuing offence to a further penalty not exceeding fifty pounds for every day during which the offence continues; and any such penalty shall be recoverable with expenses at the instance of the Lord Advocate on behalf of the Board, or by any local authority with the consent of the Board, in any competent Court

88. The powers exerciseable by Her Majesty in Council or any two of the Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Council under section two hundred and thirty-four of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, shall be exerciseable by the Board, provided that any Orders of the Board shall apply to ships coming to any port in Scotland; and the penalties under that section may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered with expenses at the instance of the Lord Advocate on

1897.

Public Health (Scotland), 1897.

Ch. 38.

m

behalf of the Board, or of any local authority with consent of the Board, by proceedings in any competent Court.

PART V.

Regulation of Common Lodging-Houses.

89. The local authority shall cause a register to be kept, in which shall be entered the names and residences of the keepers of all common lodging-houses within the district of the local authority, and the situation of e very such house, and the number of lodgers authorised according to this Act to be kept therein, and in each apartment thereof; provided that the keeper of every common lodging-house shall apply to the local authority at or previous to the fifteenth day of May in every year for a renewal of such registration; and the local authority may refuse to register any house which they do not consider suitable for the purposes of a common lodging-house, and as the keeper of a common lodging-house any person who does not produce to the local authority a certificate of character in such form as the local authority shall direct, but notwithstanding such certificate the local authority may, if they see fit, make further inquiry, and may thereafter refuse to register, if they are satisfied that the person applying is not qualified to be the keeper of a common lodging-house; and the local authority may from time to time, with the approval of the Board, raise or diminish the sum payable per night, according to which, as in this Act mentioned, it is ascertained whether a house or part thereof is a common lodging-house, but so as not to exceed sixpence per night.

90. It shall not be lawful to keep or use as a common lodging-house any house, or to receive or retain any lodgers therein, unless such house shall have been inspected for that purpose by the inspector of common lodging-houses for the district, and approved, by the local authority, and shall have been and be registered as by this Act provided:and if any person shall contravene this enactment he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act, and if, in the opinion of the local authority, any common lodging-house on the register, or the keeper thereof, shall cease to be suitable for the purpose, the local authority may present a petition to the sheriff for authority to remove such house from the register either permanently or until there is a change of circumstances, and the sheriff, if he thinks fit, may grant warrant accordingly.

91. A copy of an entry made in a register kept under this Act, purporting to be certified by the person having the charge of such register to be a true copy, shall be received in all courts and on all occasions whatsoever as evidence, and shall be prim& facie proof of all things therein registered, without the production of the register, or of any document, act, or thing, on which the entry is founded, or proof of the signature; and every person applying at a reasonable time shall be furnished by the person having such charge with a certified copy of any such entry for payment o£ twopence.

Common lodging-houses to be registered.

No lodger to be received in common lodging-house till it has been inspected and registered.

Evidence of register.

102

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Power to local authority to make byelaws.

Copy of byelaws, to be furnished gratis to keepers

Power to local authority to require additional supply of water.

Power to local authority to order reports from keepers.

Local

authority may remove sick persons to hospitals, &c.

92. The local authority may from time to time make byelaws respecting common lodging-houses within its jurisdiction for the keeping and well ordering of such houses, and for the separation of the sexes therein, and for fixing the number of lodgers which may be received in each such house, and in each room therein, and for enforcing sufficient privy or watercloset accommodation and other appliances and means of cleanliness in proportion to the number of lodgers and occupiers, as also proper drainage and ashpits for such houses, and for promoting the cleanliness and ventilation of such houses, and with respect to the inspection thereof, and the conditions and restrictions under which such inspection may be made.

93. A copy of all such byelaws made by the local authority in pursuance of this Act, when confirmed as herein-after provided and printed, shall be furnished gratis to every keeper of a common lodging-house, and such keeper shall be bound to keep a copy thereof hung up in some conspicuous place in each room in which lodgers are received.

94. Where it appears to the local authority that a common lodging-house is without a proper supply of water or without sufficient privy or watercloset accommodation for the use of the lodgers, and that such a supply of water can be furnished thereto at a reasonable rate, the local authority may, by notice in writing, require the owner or keeper of the common lodging-house, within a time specified therein, to obtain such supply, and to execute all works necessary for those purposes; and if such notice be not complied with accordingly, the local authority may remove the common lodging-house from the register until it be complied with. It shall be competent to any person interested to appeal to the sheriff against any resolution of the local authority removing a common lodging-house from the register under this section; but in the case of a district other than a burgh the appeal to the sheriff shall only arise after the county council has disposed of any appeal which may have been brought before them.

95. The keeper of a common lodging-house shall from time to time if required by any order of the local authority served on such keeper, report to the local authority, or to such person or persons as the said local authority shall direct, every person who resorted to such house during th6 preceding day or night, and for that purpose schedules shall be furnished by the local authority to the persons so ordered to report, which schedules they shall fill up with the information required, and transmit to the local authority.

96. When a person in a common lodging-house is ill of any infectious disease, the local authority may, without further warrant than this Act, cause such person to be removed to a hospital or infirmary, with the consent of the authorities thereof, where different from the local authority, and on the certificate of the medical officer, or of any legally qualified medical practitioner, that the disease is infectious and that the patient may be

1897.

Public Health (<ScotlAct, 1897.

Ch. 38.

103

safely removed, but if removal be considered dangerous to life by such officer or medical practitioner and is so certified, no lodger shall be admitted to such lodging-house until it is certified free from infection; and the local authority may, so far as they think requisite for preventing the spread of disease, cause any clothes or bedding used by such person to be disinfected or destroyed, and may pay to the owners of the clothes and bedding so disinfected or destroyed reasonable compensation for the injury or destruction thereof.

97. The keeper of a common lodging-house shall, wheu a person As to giving in such house is ill of any infectious disease, give immediate notice thereof either to the medical officer or to the inspector of occurring, common lodging-houses, who shall forthwith inform the medical officer, and if he is satisfied that the person is suffering from an infectious disease, he shall cause the patient to be removed without delay, and shall cause the premises to be disinfected.

Provided always, that if the medical officer considers the patient not fit to be removed with safety, until it is certified by him that the premises are free from infection the house shall not be used as a common lodging-house, except such part thereof as may be certified by the medical officer to be free from infection, and the local authority may make provision for the temporary shelter or house accommodation, and, if necessary, maintenance at a rate not exceeding the same payment per night as usually paid by persons frequenting said lodging-house while such persons are prevented from returning to such common lodging-house.

98. The keeper of a common lodging-house shall, at all times Inspection, when required by any officer of the local authority, give him

free access to such house and every part thereof.

99. The keeper of a common lodging-house shall thoroughly Cleansing, cleanse all the rooms, passages, stairs, floors, windows, doors, walls, ceilings, waterclosets, earth-closets, privies, ashpits, cesspools, and drains thereof, to the satisfaction of the inspector, and so often as

shall be required by or in accordance with any regulation or byelaw of the local authority, and shall well and sufficiently, and to the like satisfaction, lime-wash the walls and ceilings thereof in the first week of each of the months of April and October in every year, and at such other times as the local authority may by special order appoint or direct.

100. Where a keeper of a common lodging-house is convicted Conviction

of a third or any subsequent offence under this Act, it may be ^rd&c adjudged as the punishment or part of the punishment for such disqualify offence that he shall not, at any time within five years, or any persons from shorter period after such conviction, keep or have or act in the keePi.^c?m' care or management of a common lodging-house. houses. gUlg~

104

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 4c 61 Vict.

Sewers to be vested in local authority, &c.

Power to purchase

sewers.

Power to make sewers.

Sewers to be cleansed.

PART VI.

Sewebs, Drains, and Water Supply.

Sewers and .

101. All sewers existing within a district and not being private

property, or not being and continuing under the management of persons appointed by the Crown or by or in pursuance of any Act of Parliament or provisional order, together with all manways, lampholes, ventilating shafts, cesspools, surface gratings and their connections, sluices, and all appliances pertaining thereto, shall be vested in the local authority: Provided always, that nothing

in this Act contained shall affect the rights of any person or persona to the property or management of any sewers in virtue of any existing local or general police statute,

102. The local authority may, in terms of sections one hundred and forty-four and one hundred and forty-five of this Act, acquire the rights and powers vested in any person to make sewers or to use any sewer, with or without the buildings and other things thereto pertaining. Provided that they shall make compensation for the rights so acquired, and shall also make compensation to the proprietors and occupiers of any lands and heritages which may be damaged by reason of the exercise of the powers hereby conferred, in terms of this Act.

103. The local authority shall have power to construct within their district, and also when necessary for the purpose of outfall or distribution or disposal or treatment of sewage, without their district, such sewers as they may think necessary for keeping their district properly cleansed and drained, and may carry such sewers through, across, or under any public or other road, or any street or place, or under any cellar or vault which may be under the foot pavement or carriageway of any street or road, and after reasonable notice in writing (if upon the report of a surveyor it should appear to be necessary), into, through, of under any lands whatsoever, and from time to time to enlarge, lessen, alter, arch over or otherwise improve, or to close up or destroy, all sewers vested in them, provided no nuisance is created by such operations; and if any person is thereby deprived of the lawful use of any sewer, the local authority shall provide another sufficiently effectual for his use. The local authority shall cause their sewers to be so constructed, maintained, kept, and cleansed as not to be a nuisance, and for the purpose of cleansing and emptying them may construct and place, either above or under ground, such reservoirs, sluices, engines, or other works as may be necessary, and may, subject to the provisions of the Rivers Pollution Prevention Acts, cause such sewers to communicate with and be emptied into such places as may be fit and necessary either within their district, or, if necessary for the purpose of outfall or distribution or disposal or treatment of sewage, without their district, and to cause the sewage and refuse therefrom to be collected for sale or for any purpose whatsoever, but so as not to create a nuisance.

1397.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

105

104. A local authority shall, three months at least before Notice to be commencing under the provisions of this Act the construction of given bef?re any sewer or other work for sewage purposes without their district, sewageDCmg give notice of the intended work by advertisement in one or more works without newspapers circulating in the district, or by the posting of district* handbills throughout the district where the work is to be made.

Such notice shall describe the nature of the intended work, and shall state the intended termini thereof, and the names of the parishes and the public roads and streets and other lands (if any) through, across, under, or on which the work is to be made, and shall name a place where a plan of the intended work is open for inspection at all reasonable hours; and a copy of such notice shall be served on the owners or reputed owners, tenants or reputed tenants, and occupiers of the said lands, and on the local authority and county council where such district is situate.

105. If any such owner, tenant, or occupier, or any such local In case of

authority or county council, or any other owner, tenant, or occupier work

who would be affected by the intended work, objects to such work commenced and serves notice in writing of such objection on the local authority without

at any time within the said three months, the intended work shall not be commenced without the sanction of the Beard after such inquiry as herein-after mentioned, unless such objection is withdrawn.

106. The Board maj ', on application of the local authority Inspector to desirous of constructing said work, appoint an inspector to make Jj^i^ortto inquiry on the spot into the propriety of the intended work and Board, into the objections thereto, and to report to the Board on the matters

with respect to which such inquiry was directed, and on receiv ing the report of such inspector the Board may make an order disallowing or allowing, with such modifications (if any) as they may deem necessary, the intended work.

107. Where any sewer shall pass under or across, or in any Protection way affect any railway or canal, or any bridge, tunnel, or other

work in connection therewith, the following provisions for the ' protection of such railway or canal, or bridge, tunnel, or other work, shall apply and have effect: —

(1.) The whole works connected with such sewer, so far as affecting any railway or canal, or bridge, tunnel, or other work, shall be executed and thereafter maintained under the superintendence and to the reasonable satisfaction of the engineer of the railway or canal company, and according to plans and specifications to be previously submitted to such engineer and approved by him in writing. Provided that if such engineer shall not have expressed his approval or disapproval of such plans and specifications within fourteen days after the same shall have been submitted to him, he shall be deemed to have approved thereof;

(2.) Such works, and any alteration which it may at any time be necessary to make in such works, may be executed either by the local authority or by the railway or canal company at the option of the engineer of the rai 1 way or;

H

106 Ch. 38. Public Health (Scotland), 1897. 60 & 61 " Vict.

(3.) In the event of the local authority and the engineer of the railway or canal company differing in opinion in regard to any works affecting the railway, or canal, or bridge, tunnel, or other work, or as to the mode of carrying out such works, or otherwise in relation thereto, such difference shall, on the application of the local authority, or of the railway dtr canal company, be referred to an engineer to be appointed by the sheriff, and shall be decided by the sheriff upon the report of such engineer, and such decision shall be fiual.

Powers of 108. The local authority may from time to time, for the

utilizing purpose of utilizing sewage, agree with any person as to the supply

sewage* of such sewage or the distribution or disposal or treatment thereof

over land, and as to the works to be made for the purpose of such supply or distribution or disposal, or treatment, and as to the parties to execute the same and to bear the costs thereof, and as to the sums of money, if any, to be paid for that supply; provided that no contract shall be made for the supply of sewage for a period exceeding five years, unless with the authority of the Board, and not for any period exceeding twenty-five years; and the local authority may, in terms of the provisions of sections one hundred and forty-four and one hundred and forty-five of this Act, contract for, purchase, or take on lease any lands, buildings, engines, materials, or apparatus for the purpose of receiving, storing, disinfecting, distributing, or disposing of or treating sewage.

Power of 109. In case it shall become necessary to enter, examine, or lay

“fry- open any lands or premises for the purpose of making plans,

surveying, measuring, taking levels, examining works, ascertaining the course of sewers or drains, making or repairing, altering or enlarging sewers or drains, or other purposes ancillary to the powers herein given as to sewers and drains, and the owner or occupier of premises refuses or withholds access and leave to perform the said operations, the local authority may, after written notice to such owner and occupier, apply to the sheriff, who, if no sufficient cause be shown to the contrary, shall grant warrant to the local authority, their officers and others thereby authorised, to enter and do all or any of the works or operations foresaid at all reasonable times in the daytime.

Power to drain into sewers of Iojal authority.

110. Any owner or occupier of premises within the district of a local authority liable for the public health general assessment or special sewer assessment shall be entitled to cause his drains to empty into the sewers of such local authority on condition of his giving twenty days previous notice of his intention so to do to the local authority, and of complying with their regulations in respect of the mode in which the communications between such drains and sewers are to be made, and subject to the control of any person who may be appointed by the local authority to superintend the making of such communications. Provided always that the sewage so emptied or discharged into the sewers is not of a nature to cause damage to the structure of the sewer or, by admixture with other sewage therein, to cause a nuisance.

1897.

Public Health (Scotla) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

107

11L Any owner or occupier of premises beyond the limits of the Use of sewers district of a local authority or within said limits who is not liable district

for public health general assessment or special sewer assessment ey° may cause any sewer or drain from such premises to communicate with any sewer of the local authority; provided always, that such sewer of the local authority and any works connected therewith are of sufficient capacity and otherwise suitable for receiving such additional drainage; and that upon such terms and condition s as may be agreed upon between such owner or occupier and such local authority, and any dispute which may arise under this section shall be determined summarily by the sheriff. Provided always that the additional sewage so to be emptied or discharged into the sewers is not of a nature to cause damage to the structure of the sewer or, by admixture with other sewage therein, to cause a Duisance.

112. Every person, not being authorised by the local authority, Penalty for who shall make any drain into any sewer vested in the local “JjJonsed' authority shall be liable in a penalty not exceeding five pounds, drains, and the local authority may close any communication between a

drain and sewer made in contravention of this section, and may recover in a summary manner from the person so offending any expenses incurred by them.

113. Before entering into any contract for executing any such Estimates work as herein-before or after mentioned, falling under this part for wor*-of this Act, or connected with sewage or drainage, if the expense thereof may exceed thirty pounds, the local authority shall procure

from a surveyor an estimate of the probable expense of constructing the same in a substantial manner, and of the yearly expense of maintaining the same in repair; and such surveyor shall accompany such estimate with a report as to the most advantageous mode of constructing such work, whether under a contract for constructing the same merely, or a contract for constructing the same and maintaining it in repair during a given term of years.

114. Unless with consent of the local authority, no building shall Not to build be erected over any sewer belonging to the local authority, and no over sewers, vault, arch, or cellar, or subway, or other structure shall be made, c *

and no pipes of any kind shall be laid so as to interfere with any such sewer.

115. All sewers and drains, whether public or private, shall be Sewers to sufficiently trapped and ventilated by the persons to whom they be tr*pped-severally belong to the satisfaction of the local authority.

118. The owners or occupiers of distilleries, manufactories, and Distilleries, &c. other works shall be compelled, where possible, to dig, make, and ^P°8, t construct pools or reservoirs within their own ground, or as near e ' their works as possible, for receiving and depositing the refuse of such works so far as offensive or injurious or dangerous to the health of those living in the vicinity thereof, or to use the best practicable means for rendering the same inoffensive or innoxious before discharging it into any river, stream, ditch, sewer, or other

anneL

108

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Prohibition against interrupting free floir of sewage.

Placing carcases in

winning

water, &c.

Drain discharging below low-water mark.

As to drainage of houses.

Local authorities may combine as to sewerage.

117. — (1.) It shall not be lawful for any person to throw or suffer to be thrown or to pass into any sewer of a local authority, or any drain communicating therewith, any matter or substance by which the free flow of the sewage or surface or storm water may be interfered with, or by which any such sewer or drain may be injured.

(2.) Every person offending against this enactment shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

118. It shall not be lawful for any person to throw, or suffer to be thrown into any running water, spring, well, lake, pool, reservoir, drain, or ditch, the carcase of any animal or part thereof, and any person offending against this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

110. If the local authority shall consider it necessary for public health that any drain should discharge itself below low-water mark, they shall be entitled, with the consent of the Board of Trade and of the Commissioners of Woods and Forests (without prejudice to any question as to the right to the foreshores), to construct the requisite works for that purpose.

120. If a house, distillery, manufactory, or other work, within the district of a local authority, is without a drain, or without such drain as is sufficient for effectual drainage, the local authority may, by notice, require the owner of such house, distillery, manufactory, or work, within a reasonable time therein specified, to make a sufficient drain emplying into any sewer which the local authority are entitled to use, and with which the owner is entitled to make a communication, so that such sewer be not more than one hundred yards from the site of the said premises of such owner; but if no such means of drainage are within that distance, then emptying into such covered cesspool or other place, not being under any house, as the local authority may direct; and if the person on whom such notice is served fails to comply with the same, the local authority may, at the expiration of the time specified in the notice, do the work required, and the expenses incurred by them in so doing may be recovered from such owner in a summary manner.

Provided that where in the opinion of the local authority greater expense would be incurred in causing the drains of two or more houses to empty into an existing sewer pursuant to this section than in constructing a new sewer and causing such drains to empty therein, the local authority may construct such sewer and require the owners of such houses to cause their drains to empty therein, and may apportion as they deem just the expenses of construction of such sewer among the owners of the several houses, and recover in a summary manner the sums apportioned from such owners, or in case of dispute the matter shall be determined summarily by the sheriff.

121. Two or more local authorities may, with the sanction of the Board, combine together for the purpose of executing or acquiring an interest in or ma'pt^ning^0y works by this Act

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

109

or any other Act authorised in regard to sewerage or drainage that may be for the benefit of their respective districts; and all moneys which they may agree to contribute for the execution or acquisition or maintenance of such common works shall, in the case of each local authority, be deemed to be expenses incurred by them in the execution, acquisition, or maintenance of works within their district

122. — (1.) Upon requisition to that effect made in writing by Special a parish council or by not fewer than ten ratepayers within the district of a local authority not being the local authority of a burgh, the local authority shall be bound to meet, after twenty-one days notice, or, if the local authority itself so resolve, it may meet after twenty-one days notice, and shall, whether sewers or draius have been already constructed or not, consider the propriety of —

(a) forming part of their district into a special drainage district; or

(b) enlarging or limiting the boundaries of a special drainage district; or

(c) combining a special drainage district with another special drainage district; or

(d) enlarging or limiting the boundaries of both or either of such special drainage districts and combining the same or parts thereof; or

(e) determining that any special drainage district shall cease to exist as a special drainage district, or that any such combination shall cense;

and the resolution of the local authority shall determine all questions regarding the payment of any debt which may affect any district or special drainage district, and the right to impose and the obligation to pay any assessment affected by such determination, and shall fix the date at which such determination shall take effect; and such resolution shall be published in one or more newspapers circulating in the district, or by the posting of handbills throughout the district, and a copy of said resolution shall be forthwith transmitted to the Board, and, where the local authority is a district committee, to the county council; and the production of such newspaper or handbill, or a certificate under the hand of the clerk of the local authority (whose signature need not be proved), shall be sufficient evidence of such resolution; and within twenty-one days after the date of the first publication of such resolution it shall be competent for any person interested to appeal against the resolution, whatever its terms may be, to the sheriff, and the sheriff, not being a sheriff substitute resident within the district, may either approve or disapprove of such resolution, and if he disapproves thereof he may either find that no special drainage district should be formed, or may enlarge or limit the special district as defined by the resolution of the local authority, or may find that a special drainage district should be formed and may define the limits thereof, or may find that such special drainage distri-t or part thereof s1 all be combined as

110

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 VICT.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 50.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 51.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 58.

Works of distribution of sewage to be deemed a land improvement.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 114.

Supply of water for burghs.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 55.

prayed, or that such combination shall cease, or that such special drainage district or districts shall, as such, cease to exist; and the decision of the sheriff shall be binding, and shall be final, except where it is pronounced by a sheriff substitute, in which case it may be appealed to the sheriff.

(2.) The order of the sheriff shall determine all questions regarding the payment of any debt which may affect any district or special drainage district, and the right to impose, and the obligation to pay, any assessment affected by his determination, and shall fix the date at which such determination shall take effect, and a copy of any order pronounced by the sheriff shall be forthwith published in one or more newspapers circulating in the district, or by the posting of handbills throughout the district, and transmitted to the Board and to the county council

(3.) Where a district committee is the local authority, notwithstanding the provisions of section seventeen, sub-section two, sub-head (c) of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, it shall not be competent to appeal to the county council against any resolution of the district committee under this section.

(4.) Where a special drainage district has been formed, or may hereafter be formed under the provisions of this Act, the district committee of the district in which such special drainage district is or may be situated, or the county council where a county is not divided into districts, shall in their discretion have power to provide for the drainage of the highways and footpaths under their management and control within such special drainage district, or to pay or contribute out of the assessments raised under the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, a proportion of the cost of providing and maintaining sewers sufficient for the drainage of such highways and footpaths.

(5.) Nothing contained in this Act shall prejudice the provisions of sub-sections one and two of section eighty-one of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, as amended by section forty-four of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894.

123. The making of works of distribution and service for the supply of sewage to lands for agricultural purposes shall be deemed an improvement of land authorised by the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, and the provisions of that Act shall apply accordingly.

Water Supply.

124. With respect to burghs subject to the provisions of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or having a local Act for police or other purposes nothing contained in this Act shall prejudice the provisions of any of the said Acts in regard to the provision of a supply of water for the domestic use of the inhabitants and for sanitary and other purposes. Provided that in the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, and in the Lands Clauses Acts, so far as incorporated therewith, or authorised thereby to be put in force the term “ land ” shall include water and any right or servitude to or over land or water.

Lc

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

Ill

125. If any occupied house within the district of any local Local authority other than the local authority of a burgh is without a auth?ntyt0 proper supply of wholesome water at or reasonably near the same, wateru> be the local authority shall require the owner to obtain such supply supplied to and to do all such works as may be necessary for that purpose, £ert^ cases and failing his doing so, within twelve months after due notice, the local authority may themselves obtain such supply and for that purpose may use their powers of acquiring land by agreement or otherwise under this Act; and may, for the purpose of obtaining such supply, enter upon the premises and execute all such woi ks as may be necessary; and the local authority may recover in a summary manner from the owner the whole or a reasonable part of the expenses incurred by them under this section: Provided that where the owners of two or more houses have failed to comply with the requirements of the notice served on them under this section, and the local authority might under this Act execute the necessary works for providing a water supply for each house, the local authority may, if it appears to them desirable and no greater expense would be occasioned thereby, execute works for the joint supply of water to those houses, and apportion the expenses as shall be just, and further provided that if any question shall arise under this section it shall be determined summarily by the sheriff who shall have regard to all the circumstances of the case, and whose decision shall be final. Provided that nothing in this section shall relieve the local authority from the duty of providing their district or any part thereof with a supply of water, where a general scheme for such supply is required, and can be carried out at a reasonable cost.

120. With respect to districts other than burghs the following Supply of

provisions shall have effect: — water for

__ _ districts

(1.) The local authority, if they think it expedient so to do, other than may acquire and provide or arrange for a supply of water for the bargh9, domestic use of the inhabitants and for sanitary and other purposes, and for that purpose may acquire and conduct water from any lake, river, spring, or stream, may dig wells, make and maintain reservoirs, may purchase, take upon lease, hire, construct, lay down, and maintain such waterworks, pipes, and premises, and do and execute all such works, matters, and things as shall be necessary and proper for the aforesaid purpose, and may themselves furnish a supply of water, or contract or arrange with any other person to furnish the same; and for the purposes aforesaid the local authority shall be held to have all the powers and rights given to and be subject to all the obligations imposed on the promoters of undertakings by the Lands Clauses Acts as amended by this Act: Provided also, that it shall nob be lawful for the local authority to provide or supply water within any area which any local authorit}'- or any company, established by Act of Parliament or empowered by or authorised by Provisional Order, is authorised to supply with water, unless the local authority shall previously have purchased or acquired the undertaking of such local authority or company.

112

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict-

Penalty for causing water to be corrupted by gas

washings, &c.

Penalties to be sued for within six months.

(2.) The local authority, if they have any surplus water after fully supplying what is required for domestic and sanitary purposes, may supply water from such surplus to any public baths and washhouses, or for trading or manufacturing and all other than domestic purposes, on such terms and conditions as may be agreed on between, the local authority and the persons desirous of being so supplied. Provided that when water is thus supplied from such surplus it shall not be lawful for the local authority to charge the persons so supplied both with the portion of the special water assessment applicable to the buildings or premises supplied, and also for the supply of water obtained; but the local authority may either charge the said assessment leviable on such buildings or premises, or charge for the supply of* water furnished to the same as they shall think fit, and the local authority shall have the same remedies and powers of recovering payment of such water rents or payments as are herein-after provided with regard to the special water assessment

(3.) The local authority may cause all existing public cisterns, pumps, wells, reservoirs, conduits, aqueducts, and works used for the gratuitous supply of water to the inhabitants to be continued, maintained, and plentifully supplied with water, or may substitute, maintain, *and plentifully supply with water other such works equally convenient; and may, if they shall think fit, provide and gratuitously supply water for any public baths or wash-houses established otherwise than for private profit or supported out of any rates.

(4.) The local authority shall have the same powers and be subject to the same restrictions for carrying water mains within their district as they have and are subject to for carrying sewers within their district by the law for the time being in force.

127. Any person engaged in the manufacture of gas, naphtha, vitriol, paraffin, or dye stuffs, or any other deleterious substance, or in any trade in which the refuse produced in any such manufacture is used, who shall at any time cause or suffer to be brought or to How into any stream, reservoir, aqueduct, well, or *pond, or place for water, constructed or used for the supply of water for domestic purposes, or into any pipe or drain communicating therewith, any product, washing, or other substance produced in any such manufacture, or shall wilfully do any act connected with any such manufacture, whereby the water in any such stream, reservoir, aqueduct, well, pond, or place for water shall be fouled, and any person who shall wilfully do or permit to be done any act whereby the water in any stream, reservoir, aqueduct, well, pond, or place constructed or used for the supply of water for drinking or other domestic purposes shall be fouled, shall forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding fifty pounds.

128. Such penalty may be recovered, with expenses, by the person into whose water such product, washing, or other substance shall be conveyed or shall flow, or whose water shall be fouled by any such act as aforesaid, or in default of proceedings by such person, after notice to him from the local authority of their intention to proceed for such penalty, or if there be no such person, by the

1897.

Public Health (Scotl) Ad, 1897.

Ch. 38.

113

local authority; but such penalty shall not be recoverable unless it be sued for during the continuance of the offence, or within six months after it shall have ceased.

129. In addition to the said penalty (and whether such penalty Daily penalty shall have been recovered or not), the person so offending shall dur*?g

/ x o continuftncf '

forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds (to be recovered in the Qf offence, like manner) for each day during which such product, washing, or other substance shall be brought or shall flow as aforesaid, or during which the act by which such water si sail be fouled shall continue, after the expiration of twenty-four hours from the time when notice of the offence shall have been served on such person by the local authority, or by the person into whose water such product, washing, or other substance shall be brought or flow, or whose water shall be fouled thereby, and such penalty shall be paid to the local authority or person from whom such notice shall proceed; and all moneys recovered by the local authority under this or the preceding section shall, after payment of any damage caused by the act for which the penalty is imposed, be applied towards defraying the expenses of executing this Act.

130. Two or more local authorities may, with the sanction of Local autho-the Board, combine together for the purpose of executing or rities may acquiring an interest in or maintaining any works by this Act or ^a?er supply? any other Act authorised in regard to water supply that may be

for the benefit of iheir respective districts; and all moneys which they may agree to contribute for the execution or acquisition or maintenance of such common works shall, in the case of each local authority, be deemed to be expenses incurred by them in the execution, acquisition, or maintenance of works within their district.

131. — (1.) Upon requisition to that effect made in writing by a Special water parish council or by not fewer than ten ratepayers within the J?pp.ly district, the local authority, not being the local authority of a burgh, 18tncte* shall be bound to meet, after twenty-one days notice, or, if the

local authority itself so resolve, it may meet after twenty-one days notice, and shall, whether water supply has been already provided or not, consider the propriety of —

(a) forming part of their district into a special water supply district; or

(b) enlarging or limiting the boundaries of a special water supply district; or

(c) combining a special water supply district with another special water supply district; or

(d) enlargingor limiting the boundaries of both or either of such special water supply districts, and combining the same or parts thereof; or

(e) determining that any special water supply district shall cease to exist as a special water supply district, or that any such combination shall cease: and the resolution of the local authority shall determine all questions regarding the payment of any debt which may affect any district or special water supply district, and the right to impose and the

Uodgle

114

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

obligation to pay any assessment affected by such determination, and shall fix the date at which such determination shall take effect; and such resolution shall be published in one or more newspapers circulating in the district, or by the posting of handbills throughout the district, and a copy of said resolution shall be forthwith transmitted to the Board, and where the local authority is a district committee to the county council; and the production of such newspaper or handbill, or a certificate under the hand of the clerk of the local authority (whose signature need not be proved), shall be sufficient evidence of such resolution; and within twenty-one days after the date of the first publication of such resolution it shall be competent for any person interested to appeal against the resolution (whatever its terms may be) to the sheriff; and the sheriff, not being a sheriff substitute resident within the district, may either approve or disapprove of such resolution; and if he disapproves thereof he may either find that no special water supply district should be. formed, or may enlarge or limit the special district as defined by the resolution of the local authority, or may find that a special water supply district should be formed, and may define the limits thereof, or may find that such special water supply district or part thereof shall be combined as prayed, or that such combination shall cease, or that such special water supply district or districts shall, as such, cease to exist; and the decision of the sheriff shall be binding, and shall be final, except where it is pronounced by a sheriff substitute, in which case it may be appealed to the sheriff

(2.) The order of the sheriff shall determine all questions regarding the payment of any debt which may affect any district or special water supply district, and the right to impose and the obligation to pay any assessments affected by his determination, and shall fix the date at which such determination shall take effect; and a copy of said order shall be forthwith published in one or more newspapers circulating in the district, or by the posting of handbills throughout the district and transmitted to the Board and to the county council.

(3.) Notwithstanding the provisions of section seventeen, sub-52 & 58 Vict. section two, sub-head (c) of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, c-50* 1889, it shall not be competent to appeal to the county council

against any resolution of a district committee under this section.

(4.) Nothing contained in this Act shall prejudice the provisions of sub-sections one and two of section eighty-one of the last-57 & 58 Vict mentioned Act as amended by section forty-four, of the Local c' 58‘ Government (Scotland) Act, 1894.

o^WaSworks 192, The following Acts and parts of Acts, so far as the same Clausal Acts, respectively are applicable for the purposes, and are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Act, are hereby incorporated with this Act: —

10 & 11 Vict. The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, except the provisions with c. 17. respect to the amount of profit to be received by the undertakers

when the waterworks are carried on for their benefit, and except the words in section forty-four thereof," with the consent in writing

LC

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

115

* of the owner or reputed owner of any such house or of the agent “ of such owner ”:

The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1863: 26 & 27 Vict.

The provisions of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland)

Act, 1845, with respect to the temporary occupation of lands near c> 38< lct* the railway during the construction thereof, but such last-mentioned provisions shall apply only in the case of any reservoir, filter, or distributing tank, which the local authority may be authorised to construct, and the works immediately connected therewith, and for the purposes of this Act those provisions shall be read as if such reservoir, filter, or tank, and works, were therein mentioned instead of the railway, ” and the boundaries of such reservoir, filter, or tank, and works, instead of the centre of the railway, ” and the prescribed limits shall be two hundred yards from such boundaries:

Provided always that —

(a) the local authority shall not be obliged to furnish a supply of water to any person for any less sum than five shillings in any one year;

(b) no person shall be entitled to demand such supply of water, or to require the local authority to lay down communication pipes, unless some pipe of the local authority shall have been laid within one hundred feet of the house or other premises in respect of which such supply or communication pipes are demanded, or unless the local authority shall become bound by virtue of a requisition and agreement made and executed

in the manner and to the extent required by the Waterworks 10 & n Vict. Clauses Act, 1847, to cause pipes to be laid down within c-17* the said distance of one hundred feet of such house or other premises;

(c) The water to be supplied by the local authority need not be constantly laid on under pressure.

PART VII.

Rating and Borrowing Powers.

Assessments.

133. In any burgh, or where any special drainage district has Special been formed under this Act or any of the Acts hereby repealed, the 8ewcr expense incurred by the local authority for sewerage or drainage ment* within the same or for the purposes thereof, and the sums necessary for payment of any money borrowed therefor either before or after the passing of this Act, together with the interest thereof, shall be paid out of a special sewer assessment which the local authority shall raise and levy on and within such burgh or special district, in the same manner and with the same remedies and modes of recovery as are herein-after provided for the public health general assessment.

Provided that where a special drainage district has been formed under the provisions of this Act or any of the Acts hereby repealed or of any Act, and the drainage works therein have been executed and are maintained under the authority of such Act, the lands and

116

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Special ' water assessment.

General assessments in districts other than burghs.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 51.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 37.

General assessments in burghs.

premises situated within such special district shall not be liable to assessment for the expense of making sewers and drainage works in other parts of the district of the local authority.

134. In any burgh, or where any special water supply district has been formed under this Act or any of the Acts hereby repealed, the expense incurred by the local authority for water supply within the same or for the purposes thereof, and the sums necessary for payment of any money borrowed therefor either before or after the passing of this Act, together with the interest thereof, shall be paid out of a special water assessment which the local authority shall raise and levy on and within such burgh or special district, in the same manner and with the same remedies and modes of recovery as are herein-after provided for the public health general assessment.

Provided that where a special water supply district has been formed under the provisions of this Act or any of the Acts hereby repealed or of any Act, and a sufficient supply of water has been obtained and is maintained under the authority of such Act, the lands and premises situated within such special district shall not be liable to assessment for the expense of supplying water to other parts of the district of the local authority.

135. With respect to districts other than burghs, all charges and expenses incurred by or devolving on the local authority in executing this Act or any of the Acts hereby repealed, and not recovered as herein-before provided, may be defrayed out of an assesment (in this Act referred to as the public health general assessment) to be levied by the local authority upon all lands and heritages within the district or in the case of counties not divided into districts within the county, in the like manner as, but as a separate assessment from, the assessment herein-after mentioned in this section; that is to say, the said assessment shall be assessed, levied, and recovered in like manner and under like powers as —

The assessment for the maintenance of roads under the provisions of the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, or, where there is no such assessment, by an assessment levied in like manner as an assessment might have been levied for the maintenance of roads under that Act.

Nothing contained in this Act shall affect or prejudice the provisions of the Agricultural Rates, Congested Districts and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896.

136. With respect to burghs subject to the provisions of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or having a local Act for police purposes —

All charges and expenses incurred by or devolving on the local authority in executing this Act or any of the Acts hereby repealed, and not recovered as herein-before provided, may be defrayed out of an assessment (in this Act referred to as the public health general assessment) to be levied by the local authority along with but as a separate assessment from the

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

117

assessment shall be assessed, levied, and recovered in like manner and under the like powers, but without any limit, except as in the immediately succeeding section provided as —

The general improvement rate under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or, when there is no such rate, by a rate levied in like manner as the general improvement rate under the last-mentioned Act.

Provided also, that where a special drainage district has been formed, under the provisions of any Act, and the drainage works therein have been executed and are maintained under the authority of such Act, the lands and premises situated within such special district shall not be liable to assessment for the expense of making sewers and drainage works in other parts of the district of the local authority.

137. The public health general assessment by this Act authorised, Limit of which shall be imposed upon all lands and heritages within the a8sessment-district, including any special drainage or special water supply district, shall not exceed the rate of one shilling in the pound.

The special sewer assessment, and the special water assessment, exclusive of the public health general assessment, shall not in any burgh or special drainage or special water supply district exceed the rate of three shillings in the pound. Provided that if the produce of a rate of three shillings in the pound in any burgh or special drainage or special water supply district shall not be sufficient to meet the expenditure bona fide incurred or contemplated within such burgh or special district, it shall be lawful to increase such rate to such extent as may have been approved by the Board; provided also, that it shall not be lawful to impose any rate in respect of the expenditure within any special district upon any premises without such special district.

138. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Local Govern- Burghs not ment (Scotland) Act, 1889, or in this Act, the ratepayers of a burgh J°rbeu^sse(i shall not be assessed for any charges or expenses incurred by a health rate in county council for the salaries or expenses of the medical officer or counties, sanitary inspector appointed for the county, and no representative 325* 53 Vict* of a burgh shall in a district committee or on the county

council act or vote in any matter relating to this Act or to public health for which the ratepayers in such burgh are not liable to be assessed.

Borrowing Powers.

139. It shall be lawful for the local authority to borrow for Power of the purpose of acquiring, making, enlarging, or reconstructing borrowing sowers or for the purpose of utilising sewage; and on the security or sewer8, of the special sewer assessments, where such exist, or the public health general assessments, as the case may be, such sums of money, and at such times, as the local authority shall deem necessary for that purpose, and to assign the said special sewer assessments and public health general assessments, as the case may be, in security of the money to be so borrowed; and the bonds to

* ^.

118

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) A, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

be granted on such borrowing and transferences or assignations and discharges thereof may be in or near to the forms contained in the Second Schedule hereto annexed, and such bonds shall be signed by two members and the clerk of the local authority, and shall constitute a lien over the special sewer assessments and general assessments thereby assigned, and shall entitle the creditors therein to recover the sums thereby due from the local authority out of the first and readiest of the said special and general assessments; but no such member or officer shall be personally liable for the repayment of such money so borrowed, and all such obligations shall be deemed and taken to be granted on the sole security of the assessments assigned; and the money so borrowed shall be repayable either in one sum or by instalments, as may be arranged between the borrower and the lender, but so that the same shall be wholly repaid, together with the accruing interest, within thirty years from the date of the loan, but the amount of such loans, including interest, shall form a charge against the assessments of the years intervening between the date of such loans and the date of full repayment; and the money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied for the purposes specified in this section, and for no other purpose whatsoever.

Power of 140. It shall be lawful for the local authority to borrow for the

borrowing for purpose of constructing, purchasing, enlarging, or reconstructing water supp y. suc£ Works as are herein authorised for providing a supply of water for the use of the inhabitants of the district, or for the purpose of entering into and implementing any contract or arrangement with any person for such supply, and on the security of the special water assessments, where such exist, or of public health general assessments, as the case may be, such sums of money and at such times as the local authority shall deem necessary for that purpose, and to assign the said special water assessments and public health general assessments, as the case may be, in security of the money to be so borrowed; and the bonds to be granted on such borrowing and transferences or assignations and discharges thereof may be in or near to the forms contained in the Second Schedule hereto annexed; and such bonds shall be signed by two members and the clerk of the local authority, and shall constitute a lien over the assessments thereby assigned, and shall entitle the creditors therein to recover the sums thereby due out of the first and readiest of the said assessments; but no such member or clerk shall be personally liable for the repayment of such money so borrowed, and all such obligations shall be deemed and taken to be granted on the sole security of the assessments thereby assigned, and the money so borrowed shall be repayable either in one sum or by instalments, as may be arranged between the borrower and the lender, but so that the same shall be wholly repaid, together with the accruing interest, within thirty years from the date of the loan; but the amount of such loans, including interest, shall form a charge against the assessments of the years intervening between the date of such loans and the date of full repayment; and the money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied for

Ch. 38.

119

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

the purposes specified in this section and for no other purpose whatsoever.

141. It shall be lawful for the local authority to borrow for the Power of purpose of providing offices for the use of the local authority, and for providing and furnishing such permanent hospitals, disinfecting '

premises and apparatus, houses of reception, or mortuaries as are herein-before authorised, and on the security of the public health general assessments, such sums of money and at such times as they shall deem necessary for that purpose, and to assign the said public health general assessments in security of the money to be so borrowed; and the bonds to be granted on such borrowing and transferences or assignations and discharges thereof may be in or near to the forms contained in the Second Schedule hereto annexed; and such bonds shall be signed by two members and the clerk of the local authority, and shall constitute a lien over the assessments thereby assigned, and shill entitle the creditors therein to recover the sums thereby due out of the first and readiest of the said assessments; but no such member or officer shall be personally liable for the repayment of such money so borrowed, and all such obligations shall be deemed and taken to be granted on the sole security of the assessments thereby assigned, and the money so borrowed shall be repayable either in one sum or by instalments, as may be arranged between the borrower and the lender, but so that the same shall be wholly repaid, together with the accruing interest, within thirty years from the date of the loan; but the amount of such loans, including interest, shall form a charge against the assessments of the years intervening between the date of such loans and the date of full repayment; and the money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied for the purposes speciBed in this section and for no other purpose whatsoever.

142. The Public Works Loan Commissioners may, on the Power to recommendation of the Board, make any loan to any local authority j^n^ComnS-8! in pursuance of any powers of borrowing conferred by this Act or gionerg to lend by the Acts hereby repealed, or by the Burgh Police (Scotland) to local Act, 1892, whether for works already executed or yet to be for

executed, on the security of any fund or rate applicable to any of purposes, the purposes of these Acts, and without requiring any further or other security, such loan to be repaid within a period not exceeding thirty years, and to bear interest at such rate as may, in the judgment of the Treasury, be necessary in order to enable the loan to be made without loss to the Local Loans Fund.

Provided as follows —

(1.) That in determining the time when a loan as aforesaid shall be repayable, the Public Works Loan Commissioners shall have regard to the probable duration and continuing utility of the works in respect of which the same is required;

(2.) That this Act shall not extend to any loan required for the purpose of defraying expenses incurred in enforcing the performance of or in performing the duty of a defaulting local authority.

120

Ch. 33.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 62 Vict.

Audit.

rower to itcquire lands.

Regulations !!* to

compulsory purchase of land, &c.

143. The accounts of every 1 )cal authority under this Act shall be made up and audited as part of and in the same manner and subject to the same provisions as the other accounts of such local authority.

PART VIII.

Acquisition of Lands.

144. A local authority may for any of the purposes of Part II.. Part III., and Part VI. of this Act in terms of the Lands Clauses Acts, and whether by agreement or otherwise, purchase any hinds within or without their district, and may by agreement take on lease, sell or exchange any lands within or without their district; they may also buy up any water-mill, dam, or weir, which interferes with the proper drainage of or supply of water to their district. They may also, with the sanction of the Board, sell or let any surplus land, and shall apply the proceeds in such manner, whether to the reduction of debt or otherwise, as the Board shall direct.

145. The following regulations shall be observed with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement by local authorities for the purposes herein-before mentioned: —

(1.) The local authority before applying to the Board for an order empowering them to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement shall —

publish once at least in each of two consecutive weeks in some newspaper circulated in the district or some part of the district where the land is proposed to be taken, an advertisement describing shortly the purpose for which it is proposed to be taken, naming a place where a plan of the proposed works and of the lands which may be taken and a book of reference to such plan may be seen at all reasonable hours, and stating the quantity of land they require; and shall further serve a notice in manner horein-after mentioned on every owner or repute'] owner, lessee or reputed lessee, and occupier of such land, defining in each case the particular land intended to be taken, and requiring an answer, stating whether the person so serve ! assents, dissents, or is neuter in respect of taking such lan 1: such notice to be served by delivery of the same personally to the person on whom it is required to be served, or, if such person is absent abroad, to his agent; or by leaving the same at the usual or hist known place of abode of such person as aforesaid; or by forwarding the same by post in a registered letter addressed to the usual or last known place of abode of such person.

Every such plan shall be drawn on a scale of not less than four inches to a mile, and the book of reference shall contain the mme3

^ L.

-1897.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

-121

of the owners and lessees or reputed owners and lessees and of the -occupiers of the lands which may be taken:

(2.) Upon compliance with the provisions herein-before contained with respect to advertisements and notices, the local authority may, if they shall think fit, present a petition to the Board; the petition shall state the land intended to be taken, and the purposes for which it is required, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of land who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking of such land, or who have returned no answer to the notice; it shall pray that the local authority may, with reference to such land, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and such prayer shall be supported by such evidence as the Board requires:

(3.) Upon receipt of such petition, and upon due proof of the proper advertisements having been published and notices served, the Board shall take such petition into consideration, and may either dismiss the same or direct an inquiry in the district in which the land is situate, or otherwise inquire as to the propriety of assenting to the prayer of such petition; but until such inquiry has been made in the district after such notice as may be directed by the Board, no Order shall be made affecting any land without the consent of the owners, lessees, and occupiers thereof.

Any such inquiry ma}' be held by a person appointed by the Board in the manner and with the powers herein-before provided, or if the Secretary for Scotland by any writing under his hand shall so direct, such inquiry shall be held by the sheriff, not being a sheriff substitute resident within the district:

(4.) After the completion of the inquiry as last aforesaid, the Board may, by Provisional Order, empower the local authority to put in force, with reference to the land or any part of the land referred to in such Order, the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and may make such determination as they may think fit in regard to the payment of costs by the local authority either to the Board or any person affected by the Order; provision shall be made by such Order for the incorporation therein of the Lands Clauses Acts and (with the necessary modifications) of sections six and seventy to seventy-eight of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845. It shall be the duty of the local authority to serve a copy of any Order so made in the manner and upon the persons in which and upon whom notices in respect of such land are herein-before required to be served, together with a statement that the Order will become final and have the effect of an Act of Parliament, unless within two months a memorial shall be presented to the Secretary for Scotland praying that the Order shall not become law without confirmation by Parliament:

122

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. CO & 61 Vict.

.(5.) If no memorial shall be presented as aforesaid the Order shall become final and h^ve the effect of an Act of Parliament; (6.) If a memorial has been presented to the Secretary for Scotland, it shall be lawful for him, as soon as conveniently may be, to submit such Order to Parliament for confirmation, and any Act passed to confirm such Order shall be deemed to be a Public General Act of Parliament:

(7.) Every Bill for confirming any such Order shall, after the Second Reading in the House in which it originates, be referred to a Select Committee, or, if the two Houses of Parliament think fit 30 to order, to a Joint Committee:

(8.) If, before the expiration of seven days after the Second Reading of any such Confirmation Bill in the House in which it originates, a petition is presented against any Order comprised therein, the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose by himself, his agents, and witnesses:

(9.) The Committee by a majority may award costs, which shall, unless the Committee otherwise direct, include all costs from the date of the memorial:

(10.) All costs, charges, and expenses incurred in relation to any application for, or the grant of, such Order or Provisional Order shall, to such amount as the Board think proper to direct, become a charge upon the public health general assessment, or special sewer assessment, or special water assessment, levied in the district, or special drainage district or special water supply district, as the case may be, to which such Order or Provisional Order relates:

(11.) — (cl) Any question of disputed compensation under an Order or Provisional Order made under this section shall be referred to the arbitration of a sole arbiter appointed by the parties, or if the parties do not concur in the appointment of a sole arbiter then, on the application of either of them, by the Board, and the remuneration to be paid to the arbiter shall be fixed by the Board. An arbiter appointed under this subsection shall be deemed to be a sole arbiter within the meaning of the Lands Clauses Acts, and the provisions of those Acts with respect to an arbitration shall apply accordingly; and the arbiter shall, notwithstanding anything in the said Acts, determine the amount of the expenses in the arbitration, and such determination shall be final; and

(6.) In construing for the purposes of this section any Acts incorporated with, or put in force under, this section, this Act, together wiih any Order or Provisional Order under this section, shall l e deemed to be the special Act:

(12.) At any inquiry or arbitration held under this section, the peison or persons holding the inquiry or arbitration shall hear any authorities or parties whose interests would be affected, by themselves or their counsel or agents, and may hear witnesses: (13.) The Board shall not make any Order for purchasing the . whole r r any part of any park, garden, pleasure-ground, or other land required for the amenity or convenience of any dwelling-house, or any land the property of a railway company

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) 1897.

Ch. 38.

128

or canal company which is or may be required for the: purposes- of their undertaking, or any land which, in the opinion of the Boards is being held or may be required for the extension of a factory or public work:

(14.) The Board shall, in making an Order for purchasing land, have regard to the extent of land held in the neighbourhood by any owner, and to the convenience of other property belonging to the same owner, and shall, as far as is practicable, avoid taking an undue or inconvenient quantity of land from any one owner:

(15.) The expression ‘‘Act of Parliament” in the Telegraph 41 & 42 Vict. Act, 1878, shall include an Order under this section, although c- 76* such Order may not have been confirmed by Parliament:

(16.) The Board shall in their annual report include a statement of any proceedings under this section.

PART IX.

Legal Proceedings.

Enforcement of and Procedure under Act

146. — (1.) If any nuisance shall exist upon or in premises Procedure if possessed or managed by the. local authority, or in which the local authority have any interest, or if the local authority shall fail or dut/under neglect to perform any duty imposed upon them by this Act, or to Act. take all due proceedings in this Act authorised for the removal of nuisances or preservation of health, or due regulation of lodging-houses, or for any other of the purposes of this Act, it shall be competent for any ten ratepayers residing within the district, or for a parish council, or for the procurator fiscal of the sheri ff court of the. county, or for the Board, to give written notice to such local authority of the matters in which such neglect exists; and if the local authority do not within fourteen days after such notice, or, in the case of neglect to enforce any regulation or direction of the Board under Part IV. of this Act, within two days after such notice, remove or remedy the nuisance referred to, or in any other case neglect to take the steps authorised or required by or under this Act, it shall be competent for the parties aforesaid, or any one of them, to apply to the sheriff by summary petition, and the sheriff shall thereupon inquire into the same, and may make such decree as shall in his judgment be required to enforce the removal or remedy of the nuisance, cr otherwise to compel execution of or carry out the provisions and purposes of this Act, and may appoint the same to be carried into effect by and at the sight of such persons as he may think fit, and at the expense of the local authority, or of other parties on whom the expense ought in his opinion to be laid, and for payment of the expenses of such application by the petitioners or by the local authority or other party, as justice may require:

Provided always, that in regard to any nuisance for the removal of which drainage'works are necessary, the sheriff may suspend consideration of the complaint for such time as may seem proper, > in order to Enable a general system of drainage t^ndg^jiny genleral

124

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. CO &. 61 Vict.

l'rc c -“dure uider

18 & 19 Vict. c. 68.

Provision for refusal or neglect of local authority.

Procurator fiscal may sue by directions of Board.

Procedure where nuisance beyond district.

Local authority may require payment of costs, &c. from own sr or occupier, and occupier paying to deduct from rent.

or local Act or otherwise to be carried out, the better to remove such nuisances.

(2.) It shall be competent for the Board, or for any local authority, or for any parish council, to present a petition to the sheriff, under the fourth section of the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1865, to the same effect, and to be followed out in like manner, as if presented by any of the persons or parties therein mentioned.

147. In case any local authority shall refuse or neglect to do what is herein or otherwise by law required of them, or in case any obstruction shall arise in the execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Board, with the approval of the Lord Advocate, to apply by summary petition to either division of the Court of Session, or during vacation or recess to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, which division or Lord Ordinary are hereby authorised and directed to do therein and to dispose of the expenses of the proceedings as to the said division or Lord Ordinary shall appear to be just.

148. In any place within the jurisdiction of a local authority the procurator fiscal of the sheriff court, on the Board being satisfied that the local authority have made default in doing their duty, may, with the approval of the Lord Advocate, institute and follow out proceedings against the local authority for compelling them to do their duty, and may institute and follow out in all respects any proceeding which the local authority of such place might institute with respect to the removal of nuisances or otherwise; and the expense as between agent and client of all such proceedings shall be paid by the local authority, but with such relief to them against the author of any nuisance or any other party as may be competent.

149. Where a nuisance is situated in a district the local authority of which does not cause the same to be removed, which nuisance is offensive, or injurious, or dangerous to another district, the local authority of the latter district may call on the first-mentioned local authority to take all competent steps for removal of such nuisance, and the said first-mentioned local authority shall be bound to do so accordingly; and any expense thereby occasioned to the said second-mentioned local authority shall be reimbursed by the first-mentioned local authority, the amount of such reimbursement in the case of dispute to be finally determined by the Board.

150. It shall be lawful for the local authority, at their discretion, to require the payment of any costs or expenses which the owner of any premises may be liable to pay under this Act either from the owner or from any person who then or at any time thereafter occupies such premises, and such owner or occupier shall be liable to pay the same, and the same shall be recovered in manner autho -rised by this Act, and the owner shall allow such occupier to deduct the sums of money which he so pays out of the rent from time to time becoming due in respect of the said premises, as if the same had been actually paid to such owner as part of such rent: Provided

LC

1897.

Public Health (Scotla), 1897.

Ch. 88.

125

always, that no such occupier who shall not be the author of a nuisance shall be required to pay any further sura than the amount of rent for the time being due from him, or which, after such demand of such costs or expenses from such occupier, and after notice not to pay his landlord any rent without fiist deducting the amount of such costs or expenses, becomes payable by such occupier unless he refuse, on application being made to him for that purpose by or on behalf of the local authority, truly to disclose the amount of his rent and the name and address of the person to whom such rent is payable, but the burden of proof that the sum demanded from any such occupier is greater than the rent due by him at the time of such notice, or which has since accrued, shall lie upon such occupier: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be taken to affect as between the contracting parties any contract made or to be made between any owner, tenant, or occupier of any house, building, or other property, whereby it is or may be agreed that the tenant or occupier shall pay or discharge all rates, dues, and sums of money payable in nspect of such house, building, or other property, or to affect as between the contracting parties any contract whatsoever between landlord and tenant.

151. If any person wilfully damages any works or property belonging to any local authority, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, in addition to the cost of repairing such works or property.

152. Any local authority may appear and plead before any sheriff, magistrate, or justice, or in any legal proceeding, by any officer or member, or other person authorised generally, or in respect of any special proceeding, by resolution of such authority, certified under the hand of the clerk thereof, and such person being so authorised shall be at liberty to institute and carry on any proceeding which the authority is authorised to institute*and carry on under this Act; and it shall not be necessary for the local authority to appear in any other manner in any prosecution or proceeding at their instance.

153. All penalties under this Act, and also all sums of money and expenses herein directed to be recovered in a summary manner, may, unless otherwise provided in this Act, be recovered at the suit of the local authority, and may be applied for the purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing contained in this section shall impair or affect any other mode of recovery allowed by this Act: Provided also, that all contraventions of the provisions contained in this Act relating to overcrowding of houses, and all contraventions of the provisions in this Act or of the byelaws, rules and regulations made under the authorit}^ of this Act relating to common lodging-houses may be prosecuted as police offences before any judge or magistrate having police jurisdiction, and in the same way and manner as police offences are prosecuted before him under any general or local police Act; and in the event of the offender being convicted, and failing to make immediate payment of the penalty which may have been imposed, he shall be linblQ, ^pppj^onment

Penalty for wilful damage of works.

Appearance of local authorities iu legal proceedings.

Recovery of penalties.

12a

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vicx

Form of applications to the sheriff, &c.

No written pleadings, Acc. allowed.

Appeal in certain cases.

in accordance with the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, without prejudice to diligence by poinding or arrestment, if no imprisonment has followed on the conviction.

154. All applications to enforce any provision of this Act, or for the recovery of penalties herein imposed, or other sums of money becoming due to the local authority in virtue of this Act, in so four as not herein otherwise provided for, may be by summary petition, and such petition 'may refer to the sections of this Act on which it is founded, without setting forth the same; and the sheriff, magistrate, or justice shall thereupon, if he see fit, appoint the petition to be answered within three days after service, or may order the parties to attend him in person, and on advising such answer, or hearing the parties, or on the respondent failing to appear, he may at once decern, or may appoint any competent person to examine the premises and report to him, and may decern on such report, or he may, if either party desire it, order proof to be led before himself on any specified points, and shall in that case appoint a day, not more than five days thereafter, for hearing such proof, and if the proof be not on that day completed may adjourn the same from time to time until completed, and within three days after such completion he shall give decree, and he may find either party liable in expenses, or in any modified sum of expenses, and may, without prejudice to diligence by poinding or arrestment, grant warrant for the imprisonment of the person convicted or found liable in a penalty or sum of money, unless he shall pay the whole sums found due within a specified time, until the same be paid, such imprisonment to be in accordance with the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts.

155. No written pleadings, other than the petition and answers (when ordered), shall be allowed, and the sheriff, magistrate, or justice shall have power to grant diligence in common form to cite witnesses and havers, and in cases under sub-sections (9), (10), and (11) of section sixteen of this Act the sheriff shall take the evidence in like manner as in civil proofs:Provided always, that no decree under this Act against any party shall bar his right to relief against any other party legally liable therein.

156. Where in cases under sub-sections (9), (10), and (11) in section sixteen it shall appear to the sheriff that the true value of the subject complained of as a nuisance, or the cost of the operations necessary to remove or amend it as ordered, or the value of the trade or business interfered w ith, exceeds the sum of twenty-five pounds but does not excead the sum of fifty pounds, he shall certify his opinion to that effect in his decree, and the parties shall thereupon be entitled to appeal from the sheriff substitute, where the judgment has been pronounced by him to the sheriff! on lodging, within three days after the decree, a note of appeal with the sheriff clerk, and serving the same on the opposite party or the agent acting in such proceedings for such party, and such note shall operate as a sist of execution until the appeal be determined; and on such note being lodged the sheriff clerk shall transmit the process, together with the evidenc^j^o the sheriff!

1897.

Public Health (Scotland), 1897.

Ch. 38.

127

whose decision thereon shall be final where the value certified is not above fifty pounds; and in the event of such value or cost being so certified to exceed the sum of fifty pounds, the parties shall be entitled to present a note of appeal to the Lord Ordinary on the bills against the judgment either of the sheriff substitute or of the sheriff, whether this last be an original judgment or on appeal.: Provided that, along with such note, the appellant shall lodge a sufficient bond of caution by one or more obligante, to the amount of fifty pounds sterling, for payment or performance of any judgment that may be pronounced under his appeal; and also provided that such note be lodged in the Bill chamber, and a copy thereof served on the opposite party or his said agent within eight days after the date of the sentence or judgment complained of, which note shall in like manner operate as a sist of execution until a judgment be pronounced by the Lord Ordinary, which judgment shall be final unless the Lord Ordinary shall, allow a reclaiming note to the inner house, and the judgment of the inner house shall be final.

157. Save in so far as otherwise provided, no appeal shall be competent from any decree or order of any magistrate or justice, or from the decree or order of any sheriff, except in cases certified In terms of the preceding section; and no decree or order, or any other proceeding, matter, or thing done in the execution of this Act, shall, excepting as herein provided, be subject to review in any way whatever.

168. The sheriff, justices of the peace, or magistrates may in all cases, notwithstanding their being members of the local authority, exercise the jurisdiction vested in them under this Act.

159. Notices, intimations, petitions, and orders under this Act may be served by any person by delivering the same to or at the residence of the parties to whom they are respectively addressed, or by being put into the post office duly addressed to the parties; and where addressed to the owner or occupier of premises they may be served by any person delivering the same or a true copy thereof to some person upon the premises, or, if there be no person upon the premises who can be so served, by fixing the same upon some conspicuous part of the premises; and service of such notices, petitions, or orders may be proved by a certificate under the hand of the person who posted or delivered or affixed the same, attested by one witness who was also present.

160. Copies of any orders, resolutions, or regulations (other than byelaws) or the local authority or their committee purporting to be signed by the clerk of such body or committee, shall, unless the contrary be shown, be received as evidence thereof without proof of their meeting, or of the official character or signature of the person signing the same.

161. In case of any demand or complaint under this Act to

which two or more parties, whether as owners or oecupiers of premises, may be jointly answerable, ij tsh^ll (dent to

No appeal otherwise.

Justices, &c., being members of local authority may act.

Service of notices, petitions, and orders.

Proof of regulations of local authority and Board.

One or more joint owners may be proceeded against alone.

128

Penalty on occupier obstructing owner.

Penalty for violating Act or obstructing its execution.

Compensation to be made.

Convictions not void for want of form.

Ch. 38. Public Health (Scotland), 1897. 60 & 61 Tier.

proceed against any one or more of them without proceeding against the others or other of them, and any one or more of such persons may be proceeded against, notwithstanding that the acta or defaults of any one or more of them would not separately be an offence against this Act; but nothing herein contained shall prevent the parties so proceeded against from recovering relief in any case in which they would now be entitled to relief by law. Proceedings against several persons included in one demand or complaint shall not lapse by reason of the death of any one or more of such persons, but all such proceedings may be carried on as if the deceased persons had not been originally so included. Whenever in any proceeding under the provisions of this Act relating to nuisances it becomes necessary to mention or refer to the owner or occupier of any premises, it shall be sufficient to designate him as the owner or occupier of such premises without name or further description.

162. If the occupier of any premises prevent the owner thereof from obeying or carrying into effect the provisions of this Act, the sheriff or any magistrate or justice to whom application is made shall, by order in writing, require such occupier to permit the execution of the works required to be executed, provided that such works appear to such sheriff, magistrate, or justice to be necessary for the purpose of obeying or carrying into effect the provisions of this Act; and if within a reasonable time after the making of such order the occupier against whom it is made refuse to comply therewith, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for every day afterwards during the continuance of such refusal.

163. Whoever wilfully violates or contravenes any provision of this Act to which a pecuniary penalty is not herein attached, obstructs any person acting under the authority or employed in the execution of this Act, or wilfully violates any direction or regulation issued by the Board under this Act, shall be liable for every such offence to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

164. Full compensation shall be made, out of any fund or assessment applicable to the purposes of this Act, to all persons sustaining any damage by reason of the exercise of any of the powers of this Act, except when otherwise specially provided; and in case of dispute, if the sum claimed do not exceed the sum of fifty pounds sterling, the same may be ascertained on a summary application by either party to the sheriff, whose decision shall be final and not subject to review, unless when pronounced by the sheriff substitute, in which case it may be reviewed by the sheriff on appeal; and when the sum claimed exceeds fifty pounds sterling, such compensation shall be ascertained and disposed of by a sole arbiter appointed in manner set forth in sub-section eleven of section one hundred and forty-five of this Act.

165. No conviction or other legal proceeding under this Act shall be void for want of form, or for want of any previous notice, provided in this latter case the party proceeded against or convicted has appeared or the charge h^|yD^iQ^(rigJcnowledge; and

1897.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

129

the charge may be amended at any time, and the proceedings may be adjourned on the ground of want of sufficient notice, or for other good cause.

166. The local authority and the Board shall not be liable in Local authority

damages for any irregularity committed by their officers in the not

execution of this Act, or for anything done by themselves in the irregularity bona fide execution of this Act; and every officer acting in the of their bona fide execution of this Act shall be indemnified by the local officers-authority under which he acts in respect of all costs, liabilities,

and charges to which he may be subjected; and ev ery action or prosecution against any person acting under this Act on account of any wrong done in or by any action, proceeding, or operation under this Act shall be commenced within two months after the cause of action shall have arisen; provided that nothing in this section shall exempt any member of any local authority from being surcharged with the amount of any payment which may be disallowed by the auditor in the accounts of such authority, and which such member authorised or joined in authorising.

167. The forms contained in the Second Schedule to this Act Forms, annexed, or any forms to the like effect, may be used for the purposes of this Act, and shall be sufficient therefor, and all proceedings or documents under this Act may be wholly or partly written or printed.

168. All bonds, assignations, conveyances, instruments, agree- Exemption ments, receipts, or other writings made or granted by or to or in ^r°t^8tamp favour of the local authority under this Act shall be exempt from

all stamp duties.

169. The constabulary and police force in their respective Police con-jurisdictions shall aid the authorities and officers acting in execution of this Act, or any directions or regulations issued as Act.XeCU mg aforesaid.

170. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to impair any right of action in respect of nuisances at common law.

Act not to impair right of action, &c.

171. All powers given by this Act shall be deemed to be in Powers of addition to, and not in derogation of, any power conferred by Ac t of cumuia-Parliament not hereby specifically repealed, or any law or custom; 'e* and such last-mentioned powers may be exercised in the same manner as if this Act had not passed, but without prejudice to the powers conferred by this Act.

PART X.

Port Sanitary Authority.

172. The Board may by order constitute any local authority constitution whose district or part of whose district forms part of or abuts on of port local any part of a port in Scotland or the waters of such port, or any authonties-persons having authority in or over such port or any part thereof,

VjC/OQIC

130

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Jurisdiction of port local authority.

Delegation of powers by port local authority.

Expenses of port local authority.

the local authority of the whole of such port or of any part thereof (in this Act referred to as the “ port local authority ”).

The Board may also by order constitute a joint port local authority for the whole or any part of a port by combining any two or more local authorities having jurisdiction within the proposed area or part thereof to act together for the purposes of this Part of the Act, and may prescribe the mode of such joint action; or by forming a joint port local authority consisting of representative members of any two or more of such local authorities in the same manner. Further the Board may by order constitute a joint port local authority for any two or more ports consisting of representative members of all or any of the local authorities having jurisdiction within such port or any part thereof.

The Board may from time to time alter, vary, renew, or rescind said order, and a copy of said orders when made shall be forthwith laid before both Houses of Parliament.

Any order constituting a port local authority or joint port local authority may assign to such authority any powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities and obligations under this Act, and direct the mode in which the expenses of such authority are to be paid, and where such order constitutes a joint port local authority, it may contain all the regulations with respect to the carrying out of the provisions of this Act by such authority.

A port shall mean a port as established for the purposes of the laws relating to the Customs of the United Kingdom.

g [173. The order of the Board constituting a port local authority or joint port local authority shall be deemed to give such authority jurisdiction over all waters within the limits specified in the order, and also over the whole or such portion of the district within the jurisdiction of any local authority as may be so specified.

174. A port local authority or joint port local authority may, with the sanction of the Board, delegate to any local authority within or bordering on their district the exercise of any powers conferred on such authority by the order of the Board, but, except in so far as such delegation may extend, no other authority shall exercise any powers conferred on a port local authority or joint port local authority by the order of the Board within the district of such authority.

175. Any expenses incurred by a joint port local authority shall be defrayed out of a common fund to be contributed by the local authorities in such proportions as the Board thinks just.

fi ! A port local authority, if itself a local authority under this Act, independently of its character of a port local authority, shall raise the proportion of expenses due in respect of its own district in the same manner as if such expenses had been incurred by it in the ordinary manner for the purposes of this Act.

For the purposes of obtaining payment from the contributory local authorities of the sums to be contributed by them a port local authority or joint port local authority shall issue their requisition to each such authority, requiring such authority, within a ii£#

* ^.OOJ

.1697.

PvMioHcaUh (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 38.

131

limited by the requisition, to pay the amount therein mentioned to such authority, or to such person as such authority may direct.

Any contribution payable by a local authority to such port local authority or joint port local authority shall be a debt due from them, and may be recovered accordingly, such contribution being deemed general expenses of that authority. If any local authority makes default in complying with the requisition addressed to it by such port local authority or joint port local authority such authority may, instead of instituting proceedings for the recovery of the debt, or in addition to such proceedings as to any part of the debt which may for the time being be unpaid, proceed in the summary manner in this Part of this Act mentioned to raise within the district of the defaulting authority such sum as may be sufficient to pay the debt due.

Where several local authorities are combined in the district of one port local authority or joint port local authority, the Board may by ofder declare that one or more of such authorities shall be exempt from contributing to the expenses incurred by such authorities.

176. Where any port local authority, joint port local authority, or other authority, are authorised in pursuance of this Act to proceed in a summary manner to raise within the district of a defaulting authority such sum as may be sufficient to pay any debt due to them, the authority so authorised for the purpose of raising such sum shall, within the district of the defaulting authority, have, so far as relates to the raising such sum, the same powers as if they were the defaulting authority, and as if such sum were expenses properly incurred by the defaulting authority within the district of such authority; and the port local authority, joint port local authority, or other authority, may raise the amount by assessment, in like manner and with all the powers of imposition, levy, and recovery of the defaulting local authority.

The authority so authorised as aforesaid may, in making an estimate of the sum to be raised for the purpose of paying the debt due to them, add such sums as they think sufficient, not exceeding ten per cent, on the debt due, and may defray thereout all costs, charges, and expenses (including the remuneration to any person they may employ) to be incurred by such authority by reason of the default of the defaulting authority; and the authority so authorised as aforesaid shall apply all moneys raised by them in payment of the debt due to them, and such costs, charges, and expenses as aforesaid, and shall pay to the defaulting authority the balance, if any, remaining in their hands after such application.

PART XI.

Miscellaneous.

Provisions as to Ships.

177. Any ship lying in any river, harbour, or other water shall be subject to the local authority of the district within or ex adverso

Proceedings for raising a sum for payment of debt within district of a defaulting authority.

Provision as to ships within the jurisdiction

132

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 View.

of local authority.

Provision as to district of local authority extending to places where ships are lying.

Charge for medical officer attending sick on board any ship, and to be paid by captain.

Power to remove to hospital sick persons brought by ship.

Byelaws as to regulation of buildings.

of which such river, harbour, or other water is situate, and to the sheriff, magistrates, and justices of the peace having jurisdiction in such district, and shall be within the provisions of this Act in the same manner as if such ship were a house within such district, but this section shall not apply to any ship belonging to Her Majesty or to any foreign government.

178. For the purposes of this Act, any ship that is in a place within three miles of the coast of Scotland, and not within the district of a local authority, shall be deemed to be within the district of such local authority as may be prescribed by the Board, and until a local authority has been prescribed then of the local authority whose district nearest adjoins the place where such ship is lying.

179. Whenever, in compliance with any regulation of the Board which they are hereby empowered to make under this Act, any medical officer employed by a local authority performs any medical service on board any ship the local authority shall be entitled to charge for such service, and such charge shall be payable by the captain of such ship on behalf of the owners thereof, together with any reasonable expenses for the treatment of the sick, and in the event of dispute the amount shall be determined by the sheriff in a summary manner; and if such services shall be rendered by any medical practitioner who is not a medical officer of the local authority, he shall be entitled to charge for any service rendered on board, with extra remuneration on account of distance, at the same rates as those which he is in the habit of receiving from private patients of the class of those attended and treated on shipboard, to be paid as aforesaid; and in case such charges be not paid, the medical officer or practitioner may bring an action against the person in charge of such ship for the same, and the ship, cargo, and tackle thereof, shall be subject to a lien for the amount of such charges.

180. Any local authority may make byelaws for the removal to any hospital to which such authority are entitled to remove patients, and for keeping in such hospital so long as may be necessary any persons brought within their district by any ship who are infected with an infectious disease.

Provisions as to Buildings.

181. — (1.) The local authority of any district other than a burgh may, subject to the approval of the county council, make byelaws for the whole or any part of their district for regulating the building or rebuilding of houses or buildings, or the use for human habitation of any building not previously so used, or any alteration in the mode of occupancy of any existing house in such a manner as will increase the number of separate houses in respect to the following matters:

(a.) The drainage of the subsoil of sites for and the prevention of dampness in houses intended for human habitation;

1$97.

Public Health (Scotland), 1897.

Ch. 38.

133

(6.) The structure of walls, foundations, roofs, and chimneys of new buildings in so far as likely to affect human health;

(c.) The ventilation of houses and buildings intended for human habitation;

(d.) The sufficiency of the space about buildings to secure a free circulation of air;

(e.) The construction and arrangement of the drainage of houses and buildings and of soil-pipes and waste-pipes, and the construction and position of waterclosets, earth-closets, privies, ash-pits, cess-pools, dungsteads, slopsinks, and rainwater pipes and rhones;

(/.) The production of suitable building plans in respect of the matters in this section mentioned, and their inspection;

(g.)The intimation previous to the commencement by the owner or person laying out the work to the local authority of the date of the commencement, and for the due inspection in respect of the matters in this section mentioned of houses or buildings in process of erection or alteration, and the examination of the drains thereof, and for the pulling down, alteration, or amendment of any work which has been carried out in contravention of the byelaws.

(2.) In making such byelaws the local authority shall have regard to the special circumstances of their district or the part thereof to which such byelaws relate.

182. — (1.) It shall not be lawful to erect a new building on any ground which has been filled up with any matter impregnated with faecal, animal, or vegetable matter, or upon which any such matter has been deposited unless and until such matter shall have been properly removed by excavation or otherwise, or shall have been rendered or have become innocuous.

(2.) Every person who does, or causes, or wilfully permits to be done, any act in contravention of this section shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and a daily penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Provisions as to Byelaws.

183. All byelaws made by a local authority under and for the purposes of this Act shall be under their common seal or if they have no common seal shall be signed by two members and the clerk of such authority, and any such byelaw may be altered or repealed by a subsequent byelaw made pursuant to the provisions of this Act: Provided that no byelaw made under this Act by a local authority shall be of any effect if repugnant to the law of Scotland or to the provisions of this Act.

184. Any local authority may, by any byelaws made by them under this Act, impose on offenders against the same such reasonable penalties as they think fit, not exceeding the sum of five pounds for each offence, and in the case of a continuing offence a further penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each day after written notice of the offence from the local authority; but all such

vbUUyK.

Penalty for erecting buildings on ground filled up with offensive matter.

Authentication of byelaws.

Power to impose penalties on breach of byelaws.

134

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Ac, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

byelaws imposing any penalty shall be so framed as to allow of the recovery of any sum less than the full amount of the penalty.

Nothing in the provisions of any Act incorporated herewith shall authorise the imposition or recovery under any byelaws made in pursuance of such provisions of any greater penalty than the penalties in this section specified.

Confirmation of byelaws.

Byelaws to be printed, &c.

Evidence of byelaws.

185. Byelaws made by a local authority under this Act shall not take effect unless and until they have been submitted to and confirmed by the Board, who are hereby empowered to allow, modify, or disallow the same, as they may think proper; nor shall any such byelaws be confirmed —

Unless notice of intention to apply for confirmation of the same has been given in one or more of the local newspapers circulated with in, or by handbills posted throughout, the district to which such byelaws relate, one month at least before the making of such application; and

Unless for one month at least before any such application is considered a copy of the proposed byelaws has been kept at the office of the local authority, and in the case of districts other than burghs at the office of the parish council of every parish to which such byelaws relate, and has been open during office hours thereat to the inspection of the ratepayers of the district to which such byelaws relate, without fee or reward.

Any persons aggrieved by any proposed byelaw, or by any proposed alteration of a byelaw, may within such last-mentioned month, forward notice of his objection to the Board, who shall consider the same before granting confirmation.

The clerk of the local authority shall, on the application of any such ratepayer, furnish him with a copy of such proposed byelaws or any part thereof, on payment of sixpence for every hundred words contained in such copy.

A byelaw when con6rmed by the Board shall not require confirmation, allowance, or approval by any other authority.

186. All byelaws made by a local authority under this Act shall be printed and hung up in the office of such authority, and be open to the inspection of any ratepayer of the district at all reasonable hours; and a copy thereof shall be delivered to any ratepayer of the district to which such byelaws relate, on his application for the same; a copy of any byelaws made by a district committee shall also be transmitted to the parish council of every parish to which such byelaws relate, to be deposited with the public documents of the parish, and to be open to the inspection of any ratepayer of the parish at all reasonable hours, and a copy thereof shall be delivered to any ratepayer of the parish on his application for the same.

187. A copy of any byelaws made under this Act by a 1 ocal authority, signed and certified by the clerk of such authority to be a true copy and to have been duly confirmed, shall be evidence until the contrary is proved in all legal proceedings of the due making, confirmation, and existence of such byelaws without further or other proof. O r\r\cAt>

LU

1897.

Public Health (Scotla), 1897.

Ch. 38.

135

188. The provisions of this Act relating to byelaws shall not apply to any regulations which a local authority is by this Act authorised to make; nevertheless, any local authority may cause any regulations made by them under this Act to be published in such manner as they see fit.

PART XII.

Saving Clauses and Repeals.

Saving Glauses.

189. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or affect, or shall enable any local authority or other person to injuriously affect —

(1.) The irrigation of lands in a rural district, or the supply of water used for such irrigation;

(2.) Any supply of water which has been conducted to and is being used for any house or building used in connexion with such house or occupied for agricultural purposes;

(3.) The supply of water required for the purposes of any waterworks established by or under the provisions of any Act of Parliament, or of the compensation water required to be given by the owners of such waterworks, unless the local authority shall have previously obtained the consent of such owners;

(4.) The navigation on or use of any river, canal, dock, harbour, lock, reservoir, or basin, in respect of which any persons are by « virtue of any Act of Parliament entitled to take tolls or dues, or the supply of water to the same, or any bridges crossing the same, or any towing-path thereon;

(5.) The purification of any river or stream in respect of which any persons are by virtue of any Act of Parliament authorised to exercise jurisdiction, or the rights, powers, jurisdictions, and authorities conferred by such Act.

Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the local authority to execute any works in, through, or under any wharves, quays, docks, harbours, locks, reservoirs, or basins without the consent in writing in every case of the persons entitled by virtue of any Act of Parliament to take tolls or dues in respect thereof, and such persons may at their own expense, and on substituting other sewers, drains, culverts, and pipes equally effectual, and certified as such by the inspector to the local authority, take up, divert, or alter the level of any sewers and drains, culverts or pipes, constructed by any local authority, and passing under or interfering writh such rivers, canals, docks, harbours, reservoirs, or basins, cr the towing-paths thereof, and do all such matters and things as may be necessary for carrying into effect such taking up, diversion, or alteration.

190. Except in so far as expressly provided, nothing in this Act

shall prejudice or affect the provisions of the Local Government (Scotland) Acts, or of the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 189 J, as amended, or of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, as amended, or of the Public Health (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1891, or of the Anatomy Acts, 1832 and 1871. t

As to regulations of local authority.

Act not to affect navigation of rivers or canals, or irrigation of lands.

Saving of certain Acts.

13C

Ch. 38.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Saving for county councils and standing

joint _ committees.

Saving of local Acts.

Inference to Public Health Acts.

Exemption of Government

property from building regulations.

Application of Act to city of Aberdeen.

Repeal of Acts.

191. Except in so far as expressly provided, nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the powers, rights, and liabilities of county councils and standing joint committees with respect to capital works, rating, borrowing, or acquiring and holding land.

192. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall supersede, prejudice, or affect the provisions of any local Act applicable to any burgh or the forms of prosecutions and procedure in use therein, but the provisions of this Act shall operate to confer additional powers on the local authorities of such burghs, and the before-mentioned forms and procedure may be used therein in all prosecutions under this Act.

(2.) Nothing contained in this Act shall prejudice or affect the provisions of any local Act under which any authority is constituted for supplying water within any district or limits created by such Act.

For the purposes of this and the immediately succeeding section the expression “local Act ” includes a Provisional Order and the Act confirming such Order.

193. Where, in any public general, or local Act the Public Health Acts or any sections thereof are referred to, such reference shall be deemed to mean and include a reference to this Act or the corresponding sections of this Act and any amendments thereof; and the expression “public health rate” in any such Act shall mean, and a reference to any of the assessments mentioned in section ninety-five of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, shall be deemed to be a reference to, the public health general assessment under this Act.

194. Without prejudice to any existing right of the Crown, there shall be exempted from so much of the provisions of this Act as relates to buildings and structures, every building, structure, or work vested in, or in the occupation of, Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, either beneficially or as part of the hereditary revenues of the Crown, or in trust for the public service or for public services; also any building, structure, or work vested in, or in the occupation of, any department of Her Majesty's Government for public purposes or for the public service.

195. With respect to the city and Royal burgh of Aberdeen, all charges and expenses incurred by the local authority in executing this Act, or any of the Acts hereby repealed, shall, notwithstanding anything contained in section thirty-nine of the Aberdeen Corporation Act, 1891, be included under the sixth head of the estimate directed by that section to be made up, and the rate or assessment to be imposed in respect of such charges and expenses shall be payable, one-half by the owners and one-half by the occupiers of all lands and heritages within the district of the local authority.

Repeal of Acts,

196. — (1.) The Acts specified in the First Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule, and so much of any public general Act as is inconsistent with this Act is also hereby repealed.

1897. Public Health (Scotland), 1897. Ch. 38.

(2.) The repeal of the said Acts shall not annul or in any wise prejudice or affect any purchase, sale, conveyance, grant, lease, bond, security, act, matter, or thing, heretofore made, done, executed, commenced, or instituted, under or by virtue or in pursuance of the said Acts; but all such purchases, sales, conveyances, grants, leases, bonds, securities, acts, matters, and things shall have priority and be as good, valid, and effectual to all intents and purposes as if the said Acts had not been repealed.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

30 A 31 Vict. c. 101. Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867. The whole Act.

34 A 35 Vict. c. 38. Public Health (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871. The whole Act.

38 A 39 Vict. o.74. Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, Amendment Act, 1875. The whole Act.

45 A 46 Vict. o. 11. Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, Amendment Act, 1882. The whole Act.

52 A 53 Vict. c. 50. Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889. In sub-section three of section eighty-one, the words and the “ assessments in respect of the “ drainage and water supply “ shall be levied in the same manner as they were before “ such district was formed into “ a police burgh.”

53 A 54 Vict. o. 20. Public Health Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1890. The whole Act.

57 A 58 Vict. _c. 58. Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894. In sub-section six of section forty-four, the words “as ascertained “ for the purposes of the Poor “ Law (Scotland) Act, 1845.”

59 A 60 Vict. o. 19. Public Health Act, 1896. The whole Act (except the repeals therein contained) in so far as it relates to Scotland.

oy

137

Section 196.

138

Ph. 38, 39. Public Health (Scotland), 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Sections

139-141,

SECOND SCHEDULE.

167.

Bond for Borrowed Money.

We, the local authority of the burgh [or as the case may be) of

considering that, by resolution of the said local authority [or as the case may be) passed on the day of, it was

resolved to borrow the sura of pounds, under the powers

contained in the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, section, for

the purpose of [.specify purpose], and on security of the after-mentioned assessments, and further considering that we have accordingly borrowed and received the sum of from \_name and designation of the

lender], therefore we bind the said local authority [or as the case may be) to repay the said cum of pounds [insert obligation

to repay in accordance with the arrangement made between the local authority [or as the case may be) and the ], and in security of the

said loan we hereby assign to the said and his foresaids

the [specifythe assessments on the security of which the money is ],

and we consent to the registration hereof for preservation and execution. In witness whereof, <$rc.

Transfer.

I, A.B. [designation), in consideration of the sum of paid

to me by C.D. [designation], do hereby assign and transfer to the said C.D. and his heirs, executors, and successors, a certain bond, number granted by the local authority of the burgh [or as the case may be) of, in favour of, bearing date the

day of for securing the sum of and

interest thereon, and all my right and interest in and to the money thereby secured, and in and to the [here specify the assessments on the security of which the money was borrowed) thereby assigned; and I consent to registration hereof for preservation. In witness whereof,

Discharge.

I, A.B. [designation"), in consideration of the sum of paid

to mo by C.D. [designation], do hereby discharge a certain bond, number, granted by the local authority of the burgh [or as the case may be), of, in favour of ,

bearing date the day of, and all interest due

thereon, and I declare the assessments thereby assigned to be freed and discharged thereof; and I consent to registration hereof for preservation. In witness whereof, #c.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to constitute the Hidings of Yorkshire separate Counties for all the purposes of the Coroners Acts.

[6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

V ^.

1897.

Yorkshire Coroners , 1897.

Ch. 39, 40,

139

1/ For all the purposes of the Coroners Acts, 1844, 1860, 1887, Ridings of and 1892, the ridings of Yorkshire shall respectively be separate counties, and the county council of each riding shall, to the counties in exclusion of any other authority, be the county authority for all respect of the purposes of those Acts: Acts3006”

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the alteration in manner provided by section five, sub-section three, of the Local 51 & 52 Vict. Government Act, 1888, of the district of any coroner which is at c* 41* the commencement of this Act situate partly in one and partly in another of the ridings.

2. Nothing herein contained shall affect the rights, duties, Rights of powers, or liabilities of any county coroner holding office at the existing commencement of this Act, and if the district of any such coroner coroners, is divided into two or more districts, residence in any one of

such districts shall be deemed to comply with section five of the 7 & 8 Coroners Act, 1844. c.92.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April, Commence-

one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight. mentof Act.

4. This Act may be cited as the Yorkshire Coroners Act, 1897. Short title.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the Local Government Act, 1894, with regard to Joint Committees for the purposes of the Burial Acts. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where a joint committee is appointed under section joint com-fifty-three of the Local Government Act, 1894, for the purposes of mitteesfor the Burial Acts, 1852 to 1885 — se&sfvit

(a) any expenses incurred in carrying out those purposes shall c. 73. be defrayed, any money borrowed for those purposes shall be borrowed, and any receipts arising from those purposes shall be divided, by the councils appointing the committee in such proportion as they may agree upon, or, as in default of agreement, may be determined by the county council, or, if one of the councils so appointing is the council of a county borough, by the Local Government Board;

(b) the consent of the Local Government Board shall be required to the borrowing by any council of any money required to be borrowed for those purposes, but that consent shall be conclusive as to the power of the council to borrow, and no other consent shall be required either under the said Burial Acts, or the Local Government Act, 1894, or any other Act;

K 2

140

Ch. 40, 41. Local Government (Joint Committees) 60 & 61 Vict.

Act., 1897.

[Short title.]

Amendment of 48 & 49 Vict. c. 58, as to the delivery of telegrams.

(c) Part IV. of the First Schedule to the Local Government Act, 1894, shall apply to the proceedings of the committee.

(2.) If any difference arises as to the constitution of any such committee it may be determined by order of the Local Government Board.

(3.) For the purposes of this section references to a council shall, in the case of a parish not having a parish council, include the parish meeting, and the parish meeting shall have the same power of borrowing for the purposes of the Burial Acts as a parish council would have.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Local Government Act, 1894, and may be cited as the Local Government (Joint Committees) Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to make provision with respect to the Delivery of Telegrams, Guarantees by Parish Councils in Scotland, and the Pensions of certain Persons employed in the Telegraph Service. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) As from the twenty-second day of June, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, the following provisions as to the delivery of telegrams shall be substituted for provisoes (2), (3), and (4) of section two of the Telegraph Act, 1885 (which provisoes are hereby lepealed).

(2.) The sums charged for the transmission of written telegrams shall cover the cost of delivery by special messenger within such limits (herein-after referred to as the limits of free delivery) as the Postmaster-General, with the consent of the Treasury, may fix.

(3.) When the addressee does not reside within the limits of free delivery, and the sender does not direct that the telegram be delivered by post, the charge to the sender for the delivery of the telegram by special messenger shall not exceed such sum as the Postmaster-General, with the consent of the Treasury, may fix; and unless the sender prepays the charge the Postmaster-General shall not be bound to deliver the telegram by special messenger.

(4.) When the addressee does not reside within the limits of free delivery, and the sender directs that the telegram be delivered by post, the telegram shall be delivered free of extra charge by the

1807.

.Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1897. Ch. 41, 42.

141

ordinary postal delivery next following on the arrival of the telegram at the terminal telegraphic office.

2. In the application of the Post Office Amendment Act, 1895, Application of to Scotland, the following provisions shall have effect: — Vict *

(a.) A reference to the Post Office Act, 1891, as amended by the Scotland. Post Office Act, 1802, shall be substituted for the reference to 54 & 55 Vict. the Post Office Act, 1891; and 5*54^* 56 Vict

(b.) Any expenses incurred under the Act by a parish council c. in Scotland shall be defrayed as expenses incurred for the purposes of Part IV. of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 57 & 58 Vict. 1894. c-76-

3. Any officer or clerk formerly in the service of the Submarine Superannua-Tclegraph Company Limited, or of the Socidt6 Carmichael et Cie., who on the first day of April, one thousand eight hundred and cler].9 1 eighty-nine, entered the permanent civil service of the State in an established capacity, shall, for the purposes of the Superannuation Acts, 1884 to 1892, be entitled to count his past years of continuous service with the company since the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and seventy, as years passed in that civil service.

4. This Act may be cited as the Post Office and Telegraph Act, Short title. 1897, and may be cited with the Post Office Acts, 1837 to 1895, and, so far as it relates to telegraphs, with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1892.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to extend the powers of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purposes referred to in section three of the Extension Metropolitan Police Act, 1886, as amended by section two of the °o^a°ofUS Metropolitan Police Act, 1887, the receiver for the Metropolitan ?°cefver° Police District may, under and in accordance with those sections, -is & 50 Vict. borrow further sums not exceeding in the aggregate two hundred *'2?* . v. and fifty thousand pounds. c. 45. 1C

2. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police (Borrowing short title. Powers) Act, 1897, and may be cited with the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1895.

142

Ch. 43.

Military Manoeuvres Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Power to authorise execution of military manoeuvres.

Powers exerciseable for purposes of manoeuvres.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to facilitate Military Manoeuvres.

[6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (I.) Her Majesty may, by Order in Council, authorise the execution of military manoeuvres within specified limits and during a specified period not exceeding three months. Provided that the same limits, or any part thereof, shall not be specified more than once in any period of five years.

(2.) Whenever it is proposed to make any such Order a draft thereof shall, not less than six months before the Order is to come into force, be sent to the council of each county, county borough, district, and parish, wholly or partly within the specified limits, and in the case of the New Forest to the court of verderers; and notice of this intention to make the Order shall, not less than three months before the Order is to come into force, be advertised in at least two newspapers circulating generally within the district.

(3.) The draft Order shall not be submitted to Her Majesty in Council until it has lain before each House of Parliament for thirty days on which that Hou>e is sitting, norunless each House presents an address to Her Majesty praying that the Order may be made.

2. Where an Order in Council under this Act authorises the execution of military manoeuvres, such persons as are under the authority of Her Majesty engaged in the manoeuvres (in this Act referred to as the authorised forces) may under the direction of the Secretary of State within the specified limits and during the specified period,

(a) pass over, and encamp, construct military works, not of a permanent character, and execute military manoeuvres on any authorised land; and (6) supply themselves with water from any authorised sources of water, and, for that purpose, dam up any running water. Provided always, that such damming up of water does not interfere with the carrying on of any trade or industry, and that nothing in this Act shall authorise the taking of water from any source of supply belonging to a private owner, or public authority, except subject to the supply shown to be required by those entitled to use such water supply.

Provided as follows —

(1.) Nothing in this Act shall authorise entry on or interference with (except to the extent of using authorised roads) any dwelling-house, place of worship, school, factory, workshop, store or premises, used for the carrying on of any trade, business, or manufacture, farmyard, garden, orchard, pleasure ground or nursery ground, burialjroq^lQ^pd^l attached to

1897.

Military Manoeuvres Act, 1897.

Ch. 48.

148

any place of worship, or school, or any premises enclosed within the c.irtilage of or attached to any dwelling-house, or any enclosed wood or plantation.

- (2.) The officer in command of the authorised forces shall take

care that there is no interference with earthworks, ruins, or other remains of antiquarian or historical interest, or with any picturesque or valuable timber, or other natural features of exceptional interest or beauty, and shall be empowered to prevent trespass or damage to property by persons not belonging to the forces, and shall cause all lands used under the powers conferred by this Act to be restored as soon and as far as practicable to their previous condition.

(3.) Subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to —

(a) the closing of roads and footpaths; and

(b) obstruction of or interference with military manoeuvres; and

(c) entering or remaining in a camp, nothing in this Act shall prejudicially affect any public right or any right of common.

3. — (1.) Two justices of the peace, not being military officers Power to in command of the forces, may, if they shall think fit, on the close roadfl-application of a commissioned officer in command of the authorised

forces or of part thereof, by order, suspend, for a time not exceeding forty-eight hours, any right of way over any road or footpath within the specified limits and within their jurisdiction. Provided that any such order shall only be made with regard to any county, or main, or parish, road by at least two justices, not being military officers in command of the forces, sitting in petty sessions in the petty sessional division or divisions within which such road or part of road to be stopped is situate, and for a time not exceeding twelve hours, and after seven days notice of such intended application published in at least one newspaper circulating generally in the district, and subject to such terms and conditions as may be required by the said justices for the protection of individuals or of the public or of public bodies.

(2.) The officer in command of the authorised forces shall cause such public notice of the order as the justices may require to be given not less than twelve hours before the order comes into force, and shall give all reasonable facilities for traffic whilst the order is in force.

4. — (1.) Whenever an Order in Council is made under this Act Military a commission (in this Act called the Military Manoeuvres Commission) shall be formed consisting of as representative members ommissloIi* (a) and (b):

(a) two persons appointed by the council of each county and one person appointed by the council of each county borough (if any) wholly or partly within the specified limits; and

(b) if those limits include any part of the New Forest, two persons appointed by the court of verderers; and

(c) such other persons, being resident owners or occupiers of land within those limits, as may be appointed by the Secretary

144

Ch. 43.

Military Manoeuvres Act, 1897. G0& 61 Vict#

Power of Commission to m ike orders and regulations.

Compensation for damage.

of State. Provided always that the persons appointed under the foregoing provisions of this section exceed in number the persons appointed by the Secretary of State.

(2.) The commission may act by three of their number, and notwithstanding any vacancy in their number.

(3.) Any question arising at any meeting of the commission shall he decided by the majority of those voting on the question, and if the votes are equal the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or casting vote.

5. — (1.) The Military Manoeuvres Commission may make orders for determining what lands, roads, and sources of water are to be authorised lands, roads, and sources within the meaning of this Act.

(2.) Before any such order is made, a draft thereof shall be sent to the district council for each district wholly or partly within the specified limits, and be deposited by them for public inspection during at least two weeks at their office or some other suitable place fixed by them, and notice of the deposit, stating the mode of objecting to the order, shall be advertised for two successive weeks in at least two newspapers circulating generally within those limits.

(3.) The commission shall hold at least one public meeting to hear any objections to the draft order, and shall consider all objections made, and shall, if necessary, revise the draft order with reference thereto, and within a week of such meeting serve the revised draft on such district council.

(4.) The commission may also make regulations with respect to —

(a) the protection and maintenance of animals by securing them in folds or farmyards, or otherwise, and

(b) any matter which the commission may deem important for preventing damage to property and for carrying into effect the purposes of this Act.

(5.) Any person who, without reasonable cause, fails to comply with any such regulation shall not be entitled to compensation for any damage caused to his property by reason of his default.

(6.) AH orders and regulations made by the commission shall be published in such manner as may appear to the commission most suitable for giving notice thereof to the persons affected thereby.

Where an Order in Council authorises the execution of military manoeuvres, full compensation shall be made out of money to be provided by Parliament for any damage to person or property or interference with rights or privileges, arising from putting in force any of the provisions of this Act, and whether or not occasioned by the acts or defaults of the authorised forces, including therein all expenses reasonably incurred in protecting person, property, rights, and privileges, and any damage by reason of excessive weight or extraordinary traffic caused to any highway for the repair of which any public body or any individual is responsible.

(2.) The Military Manoeuvres Commission shall, with the concurrence of the Treasury, appoint a compensation officer or

' ^oooole

1897.

Military Manoeuvres Act, 1897.

Ch. 43.

14

compensation officers to determine as speedily as possible any claim for compensation under this Act, and settle the amount payable.

(3.) The commission may make regulations with respect to the procedure for making and determining claims for compensation, for limiting the time within wThich claims must be made, and for regulating the mode in which compensation is to be paid.

(4.) If the amount of compensation is not settled by agreement between the compensation officer and the claimant, the difference between them shall be referred to arbitration, and for this purpose the service in manner directed by the regulations of a notice of claim for compensation shall be treated as a submission to arbitration within the meaning of the Arbitration Act, 1889, and 52 & 53 Vict.

o 7 ' J A

that Act shall apply accordingly.

7. — (1.) If, within the limits and during the period specified Offences, in an Order authorising military manoeuvres under this Act, an}* person —

(a) wilfully and unlawfully obstructs or interferes with the execution of the manoeuvres; or

(b) without due authority enters or remains in any camp,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and he and any animal or vehicle under his charge may be removed by any constable, or by, or by older of, any commissioned officer of the authorised forces.

(2.) If within the limits and during the period aforesaid any person —

(a) without due authority moves any flag or other mark distinguishing, for the purposes of the manoeuvres, any lands; or

(b) maliciously cuts or damages any telegraph wire laid down by or for the use of the authorised forces,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

8. In the application of this Act to Scotland — Application

(1.) References to a county borough shall be construed as to Scotland.

references to a royal burgh, parliamentary burgh, or burgh under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. The expressions 55 & 56 Vict. “ council of district ” or “ district council ” shall mean the c* 55* district committee acting under the Local Government (Scot- 52 & 53 Vict. land) Act, 1889, or the county council where no such district c* 50-committee exists. The expression “petty sessions ” and “ petty sessional division or divisions ” shall mean justice of peace court.

(2.) Cases of compensation not settled by agreement shall be settled as questions of disputed compensation under sub-section ten of section twenty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) 57 & 58 Vict. Act, 1894. « 58-

9. In the application of this Act to Ireland — Application

(1) person5 *, not more than three in number, appointed by the to Ireland *

boards of guardians of any poor law union, wholly or partly within the specified limits, shall be members of the Military Manoeuvres Commission in lieu of the persons appointed by the county council:

146

Cfl. 43, 44. Military Manoeuvres, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

52 & 58 Vict.

C

1» & 20 Tict c. 102.

[Short title.]

Lands may be charged by owners for water supply.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 114.

Charge to be in favour of district council.

Time limit for charge.

Sanctioning of charge by Board of Agriculture.

Power of Board of Agriculture to execute

cl' .

(2) subject as aforesaid, references to a county council shall be construed as references to a board of guardians, and references to the area under a county council as references to the poor law union, and the references to county boroughs, parishes, and districts, or to their councils, shall not have effect;

(3) references to the Arbitration Act, 1889, shall be construed as references to the Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1856, as amended by any subsequent enactment.

10. This Act may be cited as the Military Manoeuvres Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act for giving Facilities for a Pure Water Supply in Rural Districts. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where any person who is a landowner within the meaning of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), contributes any money towards the expenses incurred by a district council for the purpose of supplying water to any lands of such landowner, whether together with other lands or not, the amount so contributed may, with the sanction of the Board of Agriculture given under this Act, be charged on the land of the landowner so supplied with water in the same manner, as nearly as may be, and with the like effect as in the case of a charge under the principal Act.

2. Where the landowner and the district council agree that the contribution shall be payable by half-yearly instalments, the charge under this Act may be granted in favour of the district council, to secure the payment to them of such contribution, and the sums payable in respect of the charge shall be in addition to any sums which may be payable for the water supply by way of water rate or water rent.

3. A charge under this Act shall not be made for any term exceeding twenty-five years.

4. When the supply of water to the lands of the landowner will be beneficial to persons residing or engaged in labour on such lands, the Board may, if they think fit, sanction the charge, although it may not be shown that the supply of the water will effect a direct yearly increase in the value of the lands or be productive of a yearly revenue to the owner of the lands exceeding the yearly amount proposed to be charged thereon.

5. Where the annual sum to be made payable under a charge proposed to be granted by virtue of this Act in respect of the supply of water to any house or houses does not exceed the amount

1897.

147

District Councils (Supply Ch. 44, 45. Facilities), 1897.

payable at the date of the charge for such water supply by way of water rate or water rent, the Board of Agriculture may execute the charge upon such information as they think fit to require, and in such case the requirements of the principal Act with respect to matters and proceedings previous to the execution of a charge shall not apply.

6. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

7. This Act may be cited as the District Councils (Water Supply Facilities) Act, 1897, and shall be read with the Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to make further provision for the Endowment of the Archdeaconry of London. [6th August 1897.]

WHEREAS by an Order of Her Majesty in Council, dated the twenty-fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and made in pursuance of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, the Canonry in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, then held by the Venerable William Hale Hale, was (in certain events therein specified which have occurred) to be and the same became permanently annexed and united to the Archdeaconry of London:

And whereas by the said Order in Council it was directed that one-third part of all sums of money from time to time payable to the holder of the said canonry annexed to the Archdeaconry of London should be paid to the Archdeacon of Middlesex for the time being:

And whereas by an Order of Her Majesty in Council, dated the ninth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and made in pursuance of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1868, it was ordered that the sum of eighteen thousand pounds per annum directed by the said Order to be paid by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul aforesaid should be divided into eighteen equal parts, and that such eighteen parts should, together with the net income accruing to the said Dean and Chapter from certain property therein described, be appropriated as follows, that is to say, two of such parts for the income of the Dean, one of such parts for the income of each of the four Canons, subject as regards the said Canonry annexed to the Archdeaconry of London to the provisions of the herein before mentioned Order in Council of the twenty-fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and the remaining twelve of such parts, together with the net income which might accrue to the Dean and Chapter from the said property, for the maintenance of the services of the said Church, the payment of all expenses and liabilities charged upon the corporate revenue of the said Dean and Chapter, and for the repairs of Hie said church

by V OOQ1C

Extent of Act.

[Short title.]

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 114.

148

Ch. 4r>, 46.

Archdeaconry of London 60 & 61 Vict.

(Additional Endowment) , 1897.

[Short title.]

Augmentation of Archdeaconry of London.

Conditions as to payment.

as therein mentioned:And it was by the said Order provided that no portion of the said twelve parts or of the net income accruing to the Dean and Chapter from the said property should ever be appropriated, to the personal use of any dean or canon of the said church:

And whereas it is desirable to make further provision for the endowment of the Archdeaconry of London:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Archdeaconry of London (Additional Endowment) Act, 1897.

2. The Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul aforesaid may at any time after the passing of this Act, with the cousent of the Bishop of London as visitor of the said Dean and Chapter, by a deed poll under the seals of the said Dean and Chapter and Bishop respectively, declare and direct that a yearly sum not exceeding three hundred and thirty-four pounds, part of the said twelve parts of the said annual sura of eighteen thousand pounds, shall from a date subsequent to the passing of this Act to be mentioned in the said deed poll be appropriated by the said Dean and Chapter to the augmentation of the Archdeaconry of London, and shall (subject as herein-after mentioned) be from time to time paid to the Archdeacon of London for the time being as part of his income, anything in the aforesaid Orders in Council to the contrary notwithstanding.

3. — (1.) The Archdeacon of London for the time being shall be entitled to receive such annual sum as aforesaid during such periods only as he shall hold the said Archdeaconry with the Canonry thereto annexed, and shall not hold therewith any other cathedral preferment or any benefice.

(2.) During such periods as the Archdeacon of London for the time being shall not be entitled to receive the said annual sum, the same shall fall into, and be applicable as part of, the said twelve parts of the said annual sum of eighteen thousand pounds as if this Act had not been passed.

(3.) Provided that no part of the said annual sum shall belong or be payable to the Archdeacon of Middlesex, anything in the said Orders in Council to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to legalize the Use of Weights and Measures of the Metric System. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follow^:

1897.

Weights and Measures (.Metric System) Act, 1897.

Cff. 46, 47.

149

1. Notwithstanding anything in the Weights and Measures Use of metric Act, 1878, the use in trade of a weight or measure of the metric weights and system shall be lawful, and nothing in section nineteen of that ^lires m Act shall make void any contract, bargain, sale, or dealing, by 41 & 42 vict reason only of its being made or had according to weights or c. 49. measures of the metric system, and a person using or having in

his possession a weight or measure of the metric system shall not by reason thereof be liable to any fine.

2. — (1.) The Board of Trade standards which may be made Metric under section eight of the Weights and Measures Act, 1878, shall standards and include metric standards derived from the iridio-platinum linear en?/ standard metre and iridio-platinum standard kilogram deposited 4 49 42 lct' with the Board of Trade and numbered 16 and 18 respectively.

(2.) It shall be lawful for the Queen by Order in Council to make a table of metric equivalents in substitution for the table in Part I. of the Third Schedule to the Weights and Measures Act,

1878, and, as from the date at which the Order in Council comes into operation. Part I. of the said schedule and sections eighteen and thirty-eight of the said Act shall be repealed.

3. This Act may be cited as the Weights and Measures (Metric short title. System) Act, 1897, and may be cited with the Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 to 1893.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to declare the Effect of the Provisions of the Volunteer Act, 1863, with respect to Rules for Volunteer Corps. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's m st Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For removing doubts it is hereby declared that the power Explanation of under section twenty-four of the Volunteer Act, 1863, to make rules with respect to a volunteer corps, shall extend, and be deemed 27. '

to have always extended, to rules for securing the efficiency of the members of the corps, and that a fine for the breach of any rule made under the aforesaid section shall be a sum of money recoverable on complaint to a court of summary jurisdiction.

2. This Act may be cited as the Volunteer Act, 1897. short title.

150

Ch. 48. Stipendiary Magistrates Jurisdiction 60 &> 61 Vict. (Scotland) Act, 1897.

[Short title.]

Interpretation of “ summary] jurisdiction.”

27 & 28 Vict. c. 53.

Extension of jurisdiction of stipendiary magistrates.

Officers of court and application of penalties.

Remits from police courts.

Reservation of rights of appeal.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of Stipendiary Magistrates in Scotland. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Stipendiary Magistrates Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1897, and shall be deemed to be included in the expression “the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts.”

2. In this Act and for the purposes thereof, the expression “summary jurisdiction” means jurisdiction in the proceedings so far as the same are of a criminal nature enumerated and described in the third section of the Summary Procedure Act, 1864, and in all proceedings of a like nature which by any Act of Parliament are directed or authorised to be taken summarily or under the provisions of the aforesaid Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts.

3. Every stipendiary magistrate in Scotland shall, within the limits of the city, burgh, place, or district, for which he has been or shall be appointed, have and possess, in addition to the jurisdiction conferred upon him by any Act now in force, the summary jurisdiction at present exercised by, or which may hereafter be conferred upon, any sheriff or any justice of the peace or two justices of the peace in Scotland, together with all the powers auxiliary to or connected with such summary jurisdiction.

4. The clerk of court, procurator fiscal, and other officers of or acting in any court in which a stipendiary magistrate may sit as judge, and any constable, shall possess the same powers, and perform the same duties, in reference to the jurisdiction conferred by this Act as are respectively possessed or performed by them with reference to the ordinary jurisdiction of such court, or as by law and practice are respectively possessed and performed by officers of the sheriff court, or other court of summary jurisdiction in Scotland, and all penalties imposed by a stipendiary magistrate under the jurisdiction conferred upon him by this Act may be recovered and applied in the same manner as such penalties are by law presently applied.

5. Any magistrate presiding in a police court may remit for trial to a stipendiary magistrate possessing jurisdiction any person brought before him charged with a crime or offence; but nothing herein contained shall affect the right and duty of the stipendiary magistrate or magistrate sitting in the police court to remit for trial to a higher court any person charged with a crime or offence of a serious nature.

6. Nothing contained in this Act shall limit or affect any right of appeal or review, and where proceedings are taken before a stipendiary magistrate, in lieu of justices of the peace, the right of appeal, if any, to quarter sessions is hereby reserved.

e

1S37.

Parish Councils Casual Vacancies Ch. 49, 50. (Scotland) Act, 1897.

151

CHAPTER 49.

filling

up Casual

An Act to make better provision for Vacancies in Parish Councils in Scotland.

[6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Parish Councils Casual Vacancies (Scotland) Act, 1897, and shall be construed as one with the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894.

2. In the event of a casual vacancy in the parish council of a parish which is partly landward and partly burghal, or comprises a police burgh or part of a police burgh, the following provisions shall have effect with respect to the filling up of such vacancy (that is to say): —

The parish councillors who are not members of the Landward Committee of such parish council shall not be entitled to vote in filling up any casual vacancy in such parish council, except a vacancy caused by the death, resignation, or disqualification of a parish councillor who was not a member of such Landward Committee.

Short title and construction.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 53.

Provisions for filling up casual vacancies in parish councils in parishes partly landward and

burghal, &c.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to amend the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1828 to 1887. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Licensing Amendment (Scotland) Short title Act, 1897, and shall be construed as one with the Licensing and extent (Scotland) Acts, 1828 to 1887, so far as consistent with the tenor 0 Act* of those Acts respectively, and those Acts may be cited together as the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1828 to 1897, and shall apply to Scotland only. 2

2. No license for the sale of sweets by retail, whether to be Excise retail drunk or consumed'on the premises of the person licensed or not, shall be granted by the Commissioners or by any officer of Inland to be granted Revenue to any person who shall not produce to the said commie- without a sioners or officer a certificate granted in terms of the Licensing certificate-Acts enabling the party to obtain such license, and such certificate shall be applied for, granted, confirmed, transferred, and renewed in

152

Ch. 50, 51. Licensing Amendment (Scotland) 60 & 61 Vict.

Act, 1897

25 & 26 Vict. c. 35.

Penalties for trafficking in sweets without certificate, and for breaches of certificate.

the manner and subject to all the provisions applicable to other certificates in the like circumstances granted, confirmed, transferred, and renewed in terms of the Licensing Acts, and mutatis mutandis may be in the Form No. 2, or in the Form No. 3 (so far as the same is applicable), of Schedule A. of the Public Houses Acts Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1862.

3. Every person trafficking in any sweets in any place or premises without having obtained such certificate as aforesaid shall be guilty of an offence, and on being convicted thereof shall for each such offence forfeit and pay a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and in default of immediate payment thereof shall be imprisoned for a period not exceeding two months, and all the provisions in the Licensing Acts, or any of them, relating to penalties and forfeiture and to breaches of, or offences against, the terms and conditions of certificates shall apply to breaches of, or offences against, the terms and conditions of certificates granted for the sale of sweets.

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to grant Moneys for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and to amend the Law respecting the Local Loans Fund and Loans made thereout, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Reduction of interest on future locul loans cn the security of local rates.

Amendment of Acts.

1. The rates of interest at which loans may be made out of the Local Loons Fund on the security of local rates may be fixed by the Treasury from time to time, having regard to the duration of the loans, and shall be such rates not less than two and three quarters per cent, per annum as in the opinion of the Treasury are sufficient to enable such loans to be made without loss to the Local Loans Fund.

Raising of money for local loans.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

2. — (1.) The provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, with respect to local loans stock shall, as respects any stock hereafter issued, be construed as if the rate of interest and period fixed by the Treasury were substituted therein respectively for the rate of three per cent, per annum, and the expiration of twenty-five years after the commencement of the Act.

(2.) Any money which can be raised by the issue of local loans stock may be borrowed from the National Debt Commissioners by a bond for Such term and in such form as the Treasury direct, on the security of the charge created by this Act, and shall be paid to the local loans fund, and the nominal amount of local loans stock which can be created shall be reduced by the amount of the money so borrowed.

1S97.

Public Works Loans Act, 1897.

Cfl. 51.

153

(3.) The principal and interest of all money secured by any such bond shall be charged on and paid out of the local loans f und, and if and so far as that is insufficient the Consolidated Fund, and all sums so paid out of the Consolidated Fund to meet any such deficiency shall be an advance to be repaid out of the Local Loans Fund, and if not so repaid shall be repaid out of moneys provided by Parliament, and the provisions of the National Debt so & 51 Vict. and Local Loans Act, 1887, respecting the income account of the c*16,

Local Loans Fund shall apply as if the said interest were the divideuds on local loans stock

8. The limit imposed by section three of the Public Works Abolition of Loans Act, 1879, on the amount which can be advanced by the Public Works Loan Commissioners under any one Act in any one 42 43 Vict. year to one borrower shall be repealed. c. 77.

Abolition of restitution annuity under 50 a 51 Vict. c. 16. s. 11, '

and variation of provision* as to surplus income of Local Loans Fund.

4. — (1.) After the thirtieth day of September one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven the annuity of one hundred and thirty thousand pounds, payable out of the Local Loans Fund, tinder section eleven of the National Debt and Local Loans Act,

1887, to the National Debt Commissioners for the purpose of the Restitution Fund shall cease.

(2.) After the said day the income account of the Local Loans Fund shall be charged with such sum in respect of expenses in connexion with local loans as the Treasury direct.

(3.) If it is shown by the income account of the Local Loans Fund for any financial year that the income is in excess of the expenditure, that excess shall be carried to a separate account to be applied as Parliament may direct, and until such application shall be invested either in advances for local loans or in the purchase of securities in which the National Debt Commissioners are authorised to invest money held by them on account of savings banks, and the annual income shall be invested in like manner, and accumulated

5. Where any sum payable in respect of any loan made by the Substitution of

Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland since the twenty-eighth fees

day of June one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two (whether ou arrears, such sum is payable for interest, or as an instalment of principal, 55 & 56 Vict. or as a periodical payment of an annuity or rent-charge, or other- c' 61* wise), is in arrear for more than thirty-one days next after the

date at which the sum became due, there shall be payable to those Commissioners interest on the said sum at the rate of five per cent per annum from the said date, and such interest shall be charged, payable, and recoverable in like manner as the said sum.

Provided that such interest shall not be payable by any person other than the person liable for the same at the date at which it became due.

Provision of Money for and Remission of Loans.

6. — (1.) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by Provision of the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely — fo *

(a) for the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Com- loans! W°r 8 missioners, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of two million five hundred thousand

154

Ch. 51.

Public Works Loam Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict>

50 & 51 Vict c. 16.

Certain debts not to be reckoned as assets of local loans fund.

Composition ' with Aberbrothwick Harbour Trustees.

C0 & 61 Vict* c. z.

Remission of loans to Clara and Banagher and Bally-castle Railway Companies, and Giant's Causeway Railway and Tramway Company.

Extension of period of repayment of certain loans under 48 & 44 Vict. c. 8.

(6) f< r the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one million pounds.

(2.) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act providing money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Leans Act, 1887.

7. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local loans specified in the First Schedule to this Act should; to the extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned as assets of the local loans fund established under the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore the principal of the said loans shall, to that extent, be written off from the assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act as amended by this Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

8. Whereas on the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven there was due to the Public Works Loan Commissioners from the Aberbrothwick Harbour Trustees, in respect of the loan mentioned in Part IL of the First Schedule to this Act, the amount of eighteen thousand six hundred and sixty-four pounds five shillings and tenpence principal and two thousand seven hundred and thirty-six pounds interest:

And whereas the annual income of the said trustees Las for many years proved insufficient to pay the interest on their mortgage debts, and by the Aberbrothwick Harbour Finance Act, 1897, the trustees have been empowered to make arrangements for compounding their several mortgage debts; and in order to facilitate these arrangements, it is expedient that the Commissioners be authorised to compound the said debt as herein-after mentioned:

^ Therefore the Commissioners may accept in discharge of the said principal debt and interest, the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, and a sum equal to the interest on the said principal debt from the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven until the date of payment of those two sums, and on the payment of those sums the balance of the said debt (including all claims for interest) shall be extinguished and be deemed a free grant by Parliament

9. Whereas the property mortgaged as security for the loan mentioned in Part III. of the First Schedule to this Act, and the mortgages to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland fer securing the loans mentioned in Fait IV. of the Same Schedule, have been sold with the consent of the Treasury, and it is expedient that the principal sums outstanding on account of the said loans should be extinguished:

Therefore the said debts (including all claims for interest in respect thereof) shall be extinguished, and the amounts thereof shall be deemed free grants fiom Parliament.

10. Notwithstanding anything in the Isle of Man Loans Act> 1880, or any Act incorporated with that Act, money borrowed after the ct mmencement of this Act under that Act or any amending enactment, for the purpose of repaying any outstanding part of any loan previously so borrowed, may be repaid within sixty years from the date of the first borrowing under thatnict.

1897.

Public Works Loans Act, 1897.

Ch. 51.

155

Oil the Application of Act to

11. The provisions of this Act with respect to loans security of a local rate shall extend —

(a) to loans under the Military Lands Acts, 1892 and 1897, on J?* w Vict. the security of land, and of a grant out of money provided by c. 43.;

Parliament; and c°6&-6andiGt *

(b) to loans under section six hundred and sixty-three of the 57 & 58 vict Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, on the security of the Mercantile c. 60. Marine Fund, or of the several dues, rates, fees, and payments

to be carried to that fund, or of any part thereof.

Miscellaneous.

12. — (1.) The expression “local rate” means any rate, levied or Definitions, assessed, the proceeds of which are applicable to public local construction, purposes, and which is levied on the basis of a valuation of property, and short and includes any sum which though obtained in the first instance title, by a precept, certificate, or other instrument requiring payment from some authority or officer, is or can be ultimately raised out of a rate as before defined.

(2.) The expression “security of a local rate” includes a security guaranteed by any such local rate.

(3.) This Act shall be deemed to be a special Act within the meaning of the Public Works Loans Act, 1875. 38 & a» Vict.

(4.) The Acts specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are c'89, hereby repealed to the extent and from the date (if any) in.the third column of that schedule mentioned.

(5.) This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1897.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Sections 7, 8, 9.

Loans Written off.

Part I.

Loans bt the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount advanced. Amount repaid. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

Jvhn Ahern The Landed Property A d. 150 0 0 £ d. 86 17 0 £ s. d. 63 3 0

Wm. Dalton - Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847 (10 Vict. c. 82.). Do. 120 0 0 29 8 8 41 15 6

John McCarthy Do. 60 0 0 6 2 1 53 17 11

Michael Nunan Do. 200 0 0 70 14 0 129 6 0

Margaret Killion -D. D. O'Brien Do. - - 145 0 0 41 15 11 41 19 7

Do. 250 0 0 88 2 2 211 17 10

Daniel Giace - Do. - 100 0 0 33 4 8 12 2 0

Gore D'A. Cochrane Do. 600 0 0 148 19 4 282 11 1

Sundry Items Do. (s. 15.) 90 15 0 Nil 90 15 0

L 2

15G

(X 51

Public Works Loans Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising | Advance. Amount advanced. Amount repaid. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

£ 5. d. £ «. d. £ #. d.

Patrick Cusack The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863 (26 & 27 ' Vict. c. 88.). 172 13 8 10 17 2 161 16 6

Patrick Cusack Do. 92 14 4 9 0 8 83 13 6

(senior).

Patrick Halligan - Do. 32 0 8 — 32 0 8

J. Doorly - Do. 73 11 7 2 9 8 71 1 11

Elias Thompson Do. 156 16 7 15 9 5 143 7 2

Mrs. Fanny Beggs Do. 577 3 5 509 18 9 67 4 8

(now W. C. Roberts).

Matthew Flood Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870 (33 & 34 Vict. c. 46.). 432 0 0 211 10 8 220 9 4

J. S. Clarke - Do. - 1, 800 0 0 755 8 0 1, 044 12 0

John Kelly - Do. 366 0 0 199 19 1 166 0 11

Hanora Callaghan - Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 19.). 60 0 0 2 5 2 57 14 10

Jeremiah Mullnne - Do. 50 0 0 2 7 2 47 12 10

W m. Gelshinan Do. 65 0 0 2 0 6 62 19 6

Peter Coleman Do. (s. 31.) 150 0 0 84 6 3 115 13 9

John Arthur Do. 100 0 0 12 3 2 87 16 10

Thomas Doherty - Do. 56 0 0 6 14 11 49 5 1

Daniel Barry Do. - 100 0 0 43 1 0 56 19 0

Thomas Higgins Do. 55 0 0 14 7 10 40 12 2

Thomas Fox - Do. - 95 0 0 12 9 8 82 10 4

Patiick Costelloe - Do. 75 0 0 17 16 11 57 3 1

W. Flannery - Do. 100 0 0 14 3 6 85 16 6

J. Small - Do. 65 0 0 — 4 5 11

John Murphy Do. 150 0 0 7 1 5 142 18 7

John Murphy Do. - 245 0 0 3 17 6 241 2 6

Benjamin Tyner - Do. 70 0 0 5 7 5 64 12 7

William Charleton - Do. - 30 0 0 6 6 0 23 14 0

John Casey - Do. 60 0 0 1 2 2 58 17 10

John Kelly- Do. - 60 0 0 8 14 3 41 5 9

P. and A. Cunningham. W. Hamilton - Do. 50 0 0 10 7 5 39 12 7

Do. - 150 0 0 32 11 4 117 8 8

Michael Moley Do. 54 0 0 6 5 8 47 14 9

L. Tracy Do. - 80 0 0 5 6 10 74 13 2

D. McClelland Do. 100 0 0 6 6 Total 10 93 13 2 4, 611 18 2

1897. Public Works Loans -4c£, 1897. Ch. 51

Part II.

Loan by the Public Works Loan Commissioners.

157

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount advanced. Amount repaid or to be repaid. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund and to be extinguished.

The Aberbrothwick 57 Geo. 3. c. 34. and £ *. d. ! £ s. d. 20,000 0 0 16, 335 14 2, £ s. 3, 664 5 10

Harbour Trustees. other Acts relating to local loans. 1 1

Part HE.

Loan by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. i Amount advanced. 1 Amount realised by Sale of Undertaking. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund and to be extinguished.

£ s. d. I £ s. d. £ s. d.

The Clara and Banagher Railway Company. 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 33. - ! 30,000 0 0* 5,000 0 0 25,000 0 6

* Exclusive of a loan of 30,000l., the repayment of which is guaranteed by the barony of Garrycastle, King's County.

Part IV.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland —

continued.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount advanced. Amount repaid and realised by Sale of Mortgage. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund and to be extinguished.

The Ballycastle Rail- 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 33. - £ 20,000 £ 12,000 £ 8,000

way Company. The Giant's Cause- 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 33. - 10,000 6, 725 3, 275

way, Portrush and Bush Valley Railway and Tramway Company. i

158

Ch. 51.

Public Works Loans Act, 1897,

60 & 61 Vict.

Part V.

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Loans to Fishermen under the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 29.).

District. Amount advanced. Amount repaid and realised by Sale of Boats. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

Wick Stornoway £ a. d. 400 0 0 392 0 0 £ t. 2G3 16 5 290 8 6 £ 9. d. 136 S 7 101 11 6

237 15 1

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 86.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 74.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 27.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 77.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 45.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

The Elementary Education Act, 1870.

The Public Health Act, 1875.

The Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, Amendment Act, 1875.

The Public "Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877.

The Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1879.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1886.

National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

In section ten the words “at the rate “ of three and a half per centum “ por annum.”

In section two hundred and forty- three, from at the rate of three j and a half ” down to “ loss to the Exchequer.”

* Section three, from at the rate of | three and a half” down to “ loss to the Exchequer.”

Section three, from “at the rate of three and a half” down to I 44 Exchequer.”

Section two hundred and forty-six, i from “ at the rate of three and a half ” down to 41 loss to the Exchequer. ”

Section three.

Section ten.

As from the thirtieth day of September one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven —

Section eleven, down to44 Sinking Fund Act, 1875, ” namely, to the end

of sub-section two.

1897.

1'alllc Works Loans Act, 1S97.

Cu. 51, 52.

159

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

55 & 56 Vict. TLe Small Holdings Section twelve, the words in subsection three “in respect of the “ annual sum payable to the restitution fund, and '' and sub-section 1 four; And section fifteen, in sub-section one the words “to be made good by “ means of the Restitution Fund “ under this Act.” Section nineteen, from “every loan

c. 31. Act, 1892. by the Public ” down to “ Exchequer, ” being sub-section three. Section six.

55 & 56 Vict. The Public Works

e. 61. Loans Act, 1892. !

56 & 57 Vict. Elementary Educa- 1 S action five, from “ and shall bear

c. 42. 1 tion (B.ind and such rate ” to the end of the

! Deaf Children) Act, 1893. 1 section.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to extend the Age under which jthe Employment of Young Persons in dangerous Performances is prohibited. [6th August 1897.]

"DE ifc enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, mnd by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Children's Dangerous Performances Act, 1879, shall Extension nppl\T in the case of any male young person under the age of toy°Qn?

/ \ J i Je . J° r i xu ° r persons of

-sixteen years, and any female young person under the age of 42 & 43 Vict. eighteen years, in like manner as it applies in the case of a child c. 34. under the age of fourteen years.

2. — (1.) Except where an accident causing actual bodily harm Restriction occurs to any child or young person, no prosecution or other °.n prosecu-proceeding shall be instituted for an offence against the Children's tions‘ Dangerous Performances Act, 1879, as amended by this Act, without the consent in writing of the chief officer of police of the police area in which the offence is committed.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the expression “chief officer of poli e, ” —

(a) with respect to any place in England other than the City of London, has the meaning assigned to it by the Police Act, 53 & 54 Vict. 1890; c. 45.

(b) with respect to the City of London, means the Commissioners of City Police;

1 GO Ch. 52, 53. Dangerous Perf Act, 1897. GO & G1 Vicu

(c) with respect to Scotland, has the meaning assigned to it by* 53 & 54 Vict. the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890;

c*67, (d) with respect to Ireland, means in the police district of

Dublin metropolis either of the Commissioners of Police for that district, and elsewhere the district inspector of the Royal Irish Constabulary.

Short title. 3. This Act may be cited as the Dangerous Performances Act *

1897, and the Children's Dangerous Performances Act, 1879, and this Act may be cited together as the Dangerous Performances. Acts, 1879 and 1897.

Appointment of Congested Districts (Scotland) Commissioners.

Secretary and officers to be appointed from existing officer* of (Government departments.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to provide for the administration of Sums available for the Improvement of Congested Districts in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland.

[6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purpose of administering the sums available for the improvement of congested districts in the highlands and islands of Scotland, the following persons shall be Commissioners (called the Congested Districts (Scotland) Commissioners), that is to say:— The Secretary for Scotland, the Under Secretary for Scotland, the Chairman of the Local Government Board for Scotland, the Chairman of the Fishery Board for Scotland, the Chairman of the Crofters' Commission, and such other persons, not exceeding three, as the Secretary for Scotland may from time to time nominate.

The Secretary for Scotland may from time to time make, alter, and vary such rules as he shall deem necessary for regulating the proceedings of the Commissioners, and the times and places of their meetings.

2. — (1.) The Secretary for Scotland may appoint as Secretary to the Commissioners one of the officers in the department of the Secretary for Scotland, or in any Government department in Scotland, and, with the consent of the Treasury, may assign to him an additional salary. The Secretary for Scotland may also, with the consent of the Treasury, direct any of the officers in any Government department in Scotland to discharge in relation to the Commissioners such duties, not inconsistent with those of their permanent offices, as he may think proper.

(2.) The salaries or remuneration of the officers (if any) employed by the Commissioners, and the administrative expenses of the Commissioners, shall be fixed by the Treasury and paid out of the sums by this Act to be annually voted by Parliament.

1897.

Congested Districts (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Ch. 53.

161

3. For the purposes of this Act a fund (to he called the Congested Constitution of Districts (Scotland) Fund) shall be constituted, to which shall, Congested

j Districts

from time to time, be earned: — (Scotland)

(1) the sum of fifteen thousand pounds annually available for 1, und; snm *

the improvement of congested districts in the Highlands and [hereto?"1^ Islands of Scotland under and during the continuance of the Agricultural Rates, Congested Districts, and Burgh Land Tax 59 & 6o Vict. Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896; and c. 37.

(2) any sums not exceeding twenty thousand pounds annually voted by Parliament for the said purpose and during the said continuance; and

(3) any moneys received for payment of interest or repayment of principal of any loan made by the Commissioners under the provisions of this Act; and

(4) any other sums applicable to the purposes of this Act.

4. — (1.) In applying the Congested Districts (Scotland) Fund Application of

the Commissioners may take such steps as they think proper for — comS

(a) aiding and developing agriculture, dairy farming, and the missioners. breeding of live stock and poultry in congested districts; and

(b) providing suitable seed potatoes and seed oats and implements and dairy utensils and machinery or appliances for the making of butter or cheese for crofters and cottars in congested districts; and

(c) providing, subject to the provisions herein-after contained, land for sub-division among or for enlargement of the holdings of crofters and cottars in congested districts for the purposes of cultivation or grazing, in such manner and upon such conditions and after such adaptations as shall be determined by the Commissioners; and

(d) aiding migration of crofters and cottars from congested districts to other districts in Scotland, and settling any migrants under favourable circumstances in the places to which they first migrate; and

(e) aiding and developing fishing (including industries connected with and subservient to fishing) and the erection and formation of fishermen's dwellings and holdings in congested districts; and

(f) aiding the providing or improving of light-houses, piers or boat-slips, public roads and bridges, and footpaths and foot bridges, and meal-mills, in congested districts; and providing guarantees for telegraph extensions, or such other postal facilities (including money order and savings bank business) as may be within the power of the Postmaster General to grant under guarantee; and

(g) aiding and developing spinning, weaving, and other home industries in congested districts; and

(h) subject to the consent of the Treasury, —

aiding the providing or improving of harbours.

(2.) The Commissioners may give their assistance either by way of gift or loan, or by way of sale at cost price, and subject to such

162

Ch. 53.

Congested Districts (Scotland) 60 & 61 Vict. Act, 1897.

conditions as they think fit, which conditions and the provisions for their enforcement or for the case of their violation shall be as effectual as if they were contained in this Act, and the consent of the Secretary for Scotland shall be necessary before any grant of money is given by way of gift under the provisions of this Act.

(3.) Any person nominated by the Commissioners may, at all reasonable time3, and after due notice to the occupier, enter any land occupied by an occupier to whom seed or implements, utensils, machinery, or appliances have been sold or gifted, in order to ascertain whether such seed has been properly sown, or that a proper use is being made of such implements, utensils, machinery, or appliances.

Acquisition, adaptation, and disposal of land.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 54.

5. — (1.) For the purpose of the purchase of land by the Commissioners (who are hereby authorised to purchase and hold land and dispose thereof as in this Act provided) the Lands Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with this Act, except the provisions of those Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and the provisions oc sub-section four of section three of the Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892, with respect to the settlement of disputed compensation for land, shall apply, with the necessary modifications, as if the Commissioners were therein referred to.

(2.) Any limited owner may sell land to the Commissioners for the purposes of this Act at such a price, or for such consideration, as, having regard to those purposes and to all the circumstances of the case, is deemed reasonable; a limited owner may also, with the sanction of the Local Government Board given under this section, convey the land for that purpose either without payment of any purchase money or compensation, or at a price less than the real value, and may so convey it free of all incumbrances. Provided that the Local Government Board shall not give their sanction under this section unless they are satisfied that the purpose for which the land is conveyed is such as is calculated to benefit the remaining land held by the same title or other land of the same landowner, and provided also that, if the land proposed to be conveyed is subject to incumbrances, the Local Government Board before giving their sanction under this section shall cause notice to be given to the incumbrancers, and shall consider the objections, if any, raised by them.

(3.) The Commissioners may, if they think fit, before disposing of land for the purposes of this Act, adapt the same by dividing and fencing it, making occupation roads, and executing any other works, such as works for the provision of drainage or water supply, which can, in the opinion of the Commissioners, be more economically and efficiently executed for the land as a whole.

(4.) The Commissioners may also, if they think fit, adapt the land for the purposes of this Act by erecting or assisting in erecting thereon such buildings, or making such adaptations of existing buildings, as, in their opinion, are required for the due occupation of the land, and cannot be made by the crofters or cottars or fishermen.

1897.

Congested Districts Act, 1897.

Ch. 53.

163

(5.) Where any right of grazing or other similar right is attached to land acquired by the Commissioners for the purposes of this Act, the Commissioners may attach any share of the right to any holding in such manner and subject to such regulations as they think proper.

(6.) The Commissioners may accept any gifts of property, heritable or moveable, for any or all of the purposes for which money is provided by this Act, and apply them according to the directions of the donor, if consistent in their opinion with the purposes on which they apply the said money, and, subject to any such directions, may apply them in like manner as that money.

6. Any loan under the provisions of this Act shall be secured by a bond which shall be a charge on the holding in favour of the Commissioners, and shall either be repaid by half-yearly instalments of principal with such interest and within such term (not exceeding a period fixed by the Treasury) from the date of the loan, or at such date thereafter not exceeding eighteen months as may be agreed on, or shall be repaid with such interest and within such term by a terminable annuity payable by half-yearly instalments. The amount for the time being unpaid may at any time be discharged, and any such terminable annuity may at any time be redeemed in accordance with tables fixed by the Commissioners. A certificate by the Secretary of the Commissioners that the whole of the loan has been repaid, or that such terminable annuity has been redeemed, shall, without any other instrument, operate as a discharge of the said loan and extinction of the said terminable annuity, as the case may be, and the registration of such certificate in the register of Sasines shall be equivalent to the registration of a discharge of the said bond.

7. — (1.) The Commissioners shall cause to be prepared and duly registered all deeds, writs, and instruments necessary for completing the title to the land disposed of by them, and for securing the payment of any loan over land made by them, and shall include in the grant or loan the cost so incurred, or to be incurred, in accordance with scales set forth in tables fixed by the Commissioners.

(2.) The Commissioners, if they think fit, may from time to time appoint, at their pleasure, a person duly qualified to carry out the provisions of thi3 section, and shall assign to him such sabirjr or remuneration as they may determine.

The Commissioners shall submit to the Treasury annually, and at any other time, for any special purpose, in the form fixed by the Treasury, an estimate showing the amount proposed by the Commissioners to be expended, and the purposes for which the same is proposed to be expended, and shall not expend any sums except in accordance with such estimate and for such purposes when approved by the Treasury.

(2.) The Commissioners shall keep such accounts of their receipts and expenditure, and those accounts shall be audited in accordance With such regulations, as the Treasury direct, and be laid before Parliament.

Security for and repayment of loan.

As to preparation of titles connected with grants of or loans over land.

Supplemental.

164

Cu. 53, 54.

Kcport to Parliament.

Definitions.

49 Si50 Vict. c. 29.

Shoit title.

Continuance of Acts in Schedule.

Congested Districts (Scotland) Act, 1897.

CO & 61 Vict.

9. The Commissioners shall once in every year make a report to the Secretary for Scotland on their proceedings under this Act, and every such report shall be forthwith presented to Parliament.

10. In this Act unless the subject or context otherwise requires — The expression “congested district” means any crofting parish

or crofting parishes, or any area in a crofting parish or crofting parishes, defined by the Commissioners under this Act, which they shall, having regard to the population and valuation thereof, determine to be a congested district.

The expressions “crofter, ” " cottar, ” and “ crofting parish ” have the meanings assigned to them in the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886.

11. This Act may be cited as the Congested Districts (Scotland) Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[6th August 1897.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven:

And whereas the Act mentioned in Part H. of the Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2.) The Act mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(3.) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1897.

[Short title.]

1807.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1897. Ch. 54.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

1. Session and Chapter. 2. Short Title. 8. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(1.)

5 & 6 Will. 4. The Linen Manufactures The whole Act 8 & 4 Vict. c. 91.

c. 27. (Ireland) Act, 1835. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 81 Vict. c. 60.

(3.)

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act. —

(3.)

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. (4.) The Ordnance Survey Act, 1841. The whole Act 33 Vict. c. 13. 47 & 43 Vict. c. 43. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 80.

10 & 11 Vict. The Ecclesiastical Juris- As to the pro-

c. 98. C5.) diction Act, 1847. visions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. The County Cess (Ireland) Act, 1848. The whole Act 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

(6.)

14 & 15 Vict. The Episcopal and Capi- The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

e. 104. tular Estates Act, 1851. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 81 & 32 Vict. c. 114. s. 10.

(7.)

17 & 18 Vict The Corrupt Practices So much as is 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29.

c. 102. Prevention Act, 1854. continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. s. 6. 81 & 82 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(8.)

28 & 24 Vict. c. 19. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1860. The whole Act. — "

(9.)

24 & 25 Vict. The Salmon Fishery Act, As to the ap- 49 A 50 Vict. c. 39.

c. 109. 1861. pointment of inspectors, s. 31. B.3. 55 & 56 Vict c. 50.

(10.) The Promissory Notes Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

(11.)

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act.

(12.)

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

165

Cfl. 54. Expiring Laws Continuance, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

1. Session and Chapter. 2. Short Title. 8. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(18.)

28 & 29 Vict. The Locomotives Act, The whqle Act 41 A 42 Vict c. 58.

. c. 83. (14.) 1865. 41 & 42 Vict c. 77. (Part II.) 59 & 60 Vict c. 36.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52. The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. The whole Act. '

(15.)

81 A 32 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- So much as is 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75.

c. 125. tions Act, 1868. continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1888. 46 A 47 Vict. c. 5L.

(16.)

82 & 88 Vict. c. 21. lie Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. The whole Act 34 A 85 Vict 0. 61.

(17.)

83 A 84 Vict. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) The whole Act 84 A 85 Vict. e. 100.

c. 112. Act, 1870. 41 Vict c. 6.

(18.)

84 A 85 Vict. 0.87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. The whole Act

(19.)

85 & 36 Vict. 0. 83. The Ballot Act, 1872 - The whole Act 45 A 46 Vict e. 5a (Municipal Elections).

(20.)

88 A 39 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 46 A 47 Vict c. 51.

c. 84. tions (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. s. 82. 48 A 49 Vict c. 62. 49 A 50 Vict c. 57.

(21.)

39 A 40 Vict. «. 21. The Jurors Qualification (Ireland) Act, 1876. The whole Act 57 A 58 Vict. c. 49.

(22.)

41 A 42 Vict The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 48 A 49 Vict. c. 62.

c. 41. tions, Returning Officers Expenses (Gotland) Act, 1878. 49 A 50 Vict c. 58. 54 A 55 Vict c. 49.

(28

41 A 42 Vict. C. 72. The Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, 1878. The whole Act

(24.)

48 Vict. c. 18. - The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880. The whole Act 46 A 47 Vict. c. 51.

(25.)

43 A 44 Vict. c. 42. The Employers' Liability Act, 1880. The whole Act '

1897.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1897, Ch. 54.

167

1. 2. 3. 4.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(26.) 44 & 45 Vict c. 5. The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1881. The whole Act 49 & 50 Vict. c. 24. 50 & 51 Vict c. 20.

(27.) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 59. The Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882. As to the powers of Her Majesty in Council and of the Scotch Education Department, s. 47. —

(*8.) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. The Corrupt and Illegal Practices ' Prevention Act, 1883. The whole Act 58 & 59 Vict c. 40.

(29.) 47 & 48 Vict c. 70. The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. The whole Act 56 & 57 Vict c. 73.

< (30.) 49 & 50 Vict e. 29. The Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886. As to the powers of the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22. 50 & 51 Vict c. 24. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 63. 54 & 55 Vict c. 41.

(81) 51 52 Vict c. 55. The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888. The whole Act. —

(32.) 52 & 58 ' Vict. C. 40. The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889. As to the powers of the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners. 53 & 64 Vict. C. 60.

(83.) 58 & 59 Vict. C. 21. .The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1895. The whole Act. — —

(34.) 59 Vict. e. 1. - - The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. The whole Act

168

Ch. 54, 55. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Part II.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 14.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 44.

1. 2. 8. 4.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. How far continued. Amending Acts.

82 & 38 Vict. c. 56. The Endowed Schools Act, 1869. Astothe powers of making schemes and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners. 86 & 87 Vict c. 87. 87 & 88 Vict o. 87. 52 & 53 Vict o. 40.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to make provision with respect to Advances for the benefit of Wicklow Harbour. [6th August 1897.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland (in this Act referred to as “ the Board of Works ”) in pursuance of the Relief of Distress (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1880, and the Irish Loans Act, 1880, agreed to advance to the Wicklow Harbour Commissioners (in this Act referred to as “ the Harbour Commissioners ”) a sum not exceeding forty thousand pounds (in this Act referred to as “ the forty thousand pounds advance ”) on having the repayment thereof with interest secured by mortgage of the port and harbour of Wicklow, and all piers, quays, wharfs, and other works connected therewith, and tolls and dues and other moneys leviable by or payable to the Harbour Commissioners, the repayment to be made by instalments as provided by the mortgage deeds, and also secured by the guarantee of the baronies of Arklow, Newcastle, South Ballinacor, Shillelagh, and North Ballinacor, in the county of Wicklow, given in pursuance of the said Acts:

And whereas there is due in respect of the forty thousand pounds advance the sum of thirty-live thousand nine hundred and two pounds six shillings and fivepence on account of principal, and also a sum of one thousand five hundred and twenty-five pounds and seventeen shillings on account of interest up to the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, the payment of which is to be provided for under the provisions for the repayment of the loan having effect before the passing of this Act: And whereas it is expedient that the Board of Works should be authorised to advance for the purpose of the improvement of Wicklow Harbour, such further sum as with the sums due at the time of making the advance on account of the forty thousand pounds advance or interest thereon shall not exceed the sum of sixty-five thousand pounds:

And whereas it is expedient that the debt on account of the principal of the forty thousand pounds advance, and any interest accruing due after the first day of May one thousand eight hundred

1897.

Wicklow Harbour Advances, 1897. Ch. 55.

Hi 9

and ninety-seven and remaining unpaid, and also any debt for the time being due on account of any further sums advanced under this Act should be consolidated into a single debt, secured in manner provided by this Act upon the rates of the town of Wicklow und upon the grand jury cess of the baronies of Arklow, Newcastle, South Ballinacor, Shillelagh, and North Ballinacor (in this Act called “ the contributing baronies and also upon the harbour of Wicklow:

And whereas the objects of this Act cannot be obtained without the authority of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) A special meeting shall be held in the Court House in Special Wicklow on some day to be appointed by the Board of Works within two months after the passing of this Act, of the Town charging Commissioners of the town of Wicklow (in this Act referred to town rates as the Town Commissioners), and of the justices and associated cesspayers entitled to attend at the presentment sessions of the 2 3 contributing baronies.

(2.) Notice of the meeting shall be given once in each of two consecutive weeks before the day fixed for the meeting in two or more newspapers circulating in the county of Wicklow.

(3.) At the meeting a person nominated by the Board shall preside, and the Town Commissioners and the justices and associated cesspayers for each barony shall separately declare their opinion as to the expediency of charging the rates of the town of Wicklow or the grand jury cess of the barony (as the case may be) with the repayment of the debt on account of the forty thousand pounds advance, and any sums advanced under this Act, and interest thereon, as provided in this Act.

(4.) The chairman presiding at the meeting shall ascertain, by t iking a vote in such manner as he thinks fit, the opinion of the Town Commissioners and the justices and associated cesspayers, and if the opinion of the Town Commissioners and of the justices and associated cesspayers of each of the baronies is in favour of the charge, shall report to that effect to the Board of Works.

2. — (1.) The Treasury may, at any time after such a report is Power to made, authorise the Board of Works to advance to the Harbour dv*nce Commissioners such sums as they think fit, so that the total sum JSrancfon advanced does not, with the amount fur the time being due on town and account of the principal and interest of the forty thousand pounds ironies.

c advance, at any time exceed sixty-five thousand pounds.

(2.) From the date of that authority being given by the Treasury (in this Act referred to as “ the date of consolidation ”) the debt on account of any sums advanced under this section shall rank with, and be consolidated into one debt with, the debt on account of the principal of the forty thousand pounds advance, and any interest which on that date has accrued due thereon since the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven

M

170

Ch. 55. Wicklow Harbour Advances, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict

Repayment of consolidated debt.

Payments by town of Wicklow and contributing baronies.

Charge upon

harbour

undertaking.

and 1ms not been paid; and the debt so consolidated is in this Act referred to as the consolidated debt.

(3.) The consolidated debt, with interest thereon at the rate of three and a half per centum per annum, shall, by virtue of this Act, be a charge on the rates of the town of Wicklow, and on the grand jury cess of each of the contributing baronies, in such proportions as the Board of Works declare by order, provided that —

(a) the sum charged on the rates of the town of Wicklow, in pursuance of the order, shall not exceed two thousand five hundred pounds; and

(b) the charge on the rates of the town of Wicklow shall not affect the liability of that town on account of the charge on the grand jury cess of any of the contributing baronies of which it forms part.

3. The consolidated debt shall be repaid to the Board of Works as follows, and not otherwise, namely, by the payment in respect of each advance composing the debt of an annual sum of four pounds five shillings and fourpence for each one hundred pounds of the advance (and so in proportion for any less sum) for a period of fifty years from the date of the advance, or where the advance was made before the passing of this Act, for a period of fifty years from the date of consolidation.

4. There shall be paid out of the rates of the town of Wicklow and out of the grand jury cess of each of the contributing baronies in each year the annual sum due for the repayment of the proportion of the consolidated debt charged upon the rates or grand juiy cess, as the case may be, and that sum shall be paid by equal half-yearly payments on the first day of November and the first day of May in each year, the first half-yearly payment to be made on the first of those days which occurs after the d >te of the advance, or, if the advance was made before the passing of this Act, on the first of these days which occurs after the date of consolidation.

Such apportionment as may be necessary shall be made in respect of the first and last such l.alf-yeaily payment under this section in respect of any advance.

5. — (1.) The consolidated debt, in addition to being charged on the rates of the town of Wicklow, and the grand jury cess of the contributing baronies, shall also by virtue of this Act be a first charge, having priority over all other charges, on the Wicklow Harbour, and all piers, quays, wharfs, and other works connected therewith, and on the revenue of the harbour.

(2.) If in any year after the date of consolidation there is any excess of income over expenditure in respect of the Wicklow Harbour, that excess shall be paid to the Board of Works, and applied by them —

(a) in reduction of the payments for that year made by or due from the town of Wicklow in respect of the proportion of the consolidated debt charged upon the rates of the town; and

(b) if more than sufficient for that purpose, in reduction rateably of the payments for that year, made by or due from the

1897.

Wicklow Harbour Advances Ad, 1897. Ch. 55.

171

contributing baronies, in respect of the proportion charged upon the grand jury cess of the baronies.

If there is any surplus after such application, the amount of the surplus shall be repaid to the Harbour Commissioners.

6. The following provisions shall have effect after the d \te of Accounts of

consolidation:— Commissioners

(i.) The Harbour Commissioners shall keep such accounts as Rn(j audit, are required to be kept by Commissioners under the Comm is- io & n Vict. sioners Clauses Act, 1847:c' 16 '

(ii.) The Board of Trade may appoint a permanent auditor of the accounts of the Harbour Commissioners and fix his salary, and the salary so fixed shall be paid as part of the expenditure in respect of the Wicklow Harbour:

(iii.) The auditor shall have all the poweis of an auditor under the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, and any person interested in the accounts shall have the like power of objecting to the accounts and appealing therefrom as under that Act:

(iv.) The auditor shall certify if there is any excess of income over expenditure in respect of the Wicklow Harbour and the amount of the excess, if any.

7. — (1.) The Board of Works shall, twice in each year after the Mode of date of consolidation, certify the amount due from the town of rais, 'aI^e8^ms Wicklow in respect of the proportion of the consolidated debt of y charged on the rates of the town, and transmit that certificate to Wicklow and

the Town Commissioners. baronies1"6

(2.) The sums specified in the certificates shall be raised by the Town Commissioners by means of a special rate levied in addition to any rate which they are empowered to make under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878; and all the provisions of that Act 41 & 42 Vict. which relate to the ranking and enforcing of rates, and to the c- 52* partial exemption of certain classes of property, shall apply to the special rate so authorised.

(3.) The Board of Works shall, before each assize after the date of consolidation, make out a certificate of the amount due from each contributing barony in respect of the proportion of the consolidated debt charged on the grand jury cess of the barony, and lay the certificate before the grand jury, and the grand jury shall, without any previous application to presentment sessions, make a presentment for the amount specified in the certificate, and, in default of such a presentment, the amount shall be raised on an order of the judge of assize, the order having the force of a presentment.

(4.) Any certificate of- the Board of Works under this section, shall be conclusive as to the matter certified.

(5.) The money raised under this section shall be paid to the Board of Works in such manner as the Trensary direct. > .

8. All money advanced under this Act to the Harbour Commis- Application of sioners shall be applied by them for the improvement and repair of atiyances-Wicklow Harbour, and of the works connected therewith, and not for any other purposes.

M 2

172

Ch. 55, 56. Wicklow Harbour Advances Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Application of 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. S3.

Provision as to oltl security.

[Short title.]

Complaint may be made to Railway and Canal Commission.

57 & 58 Vict. o.54.

9. Except as otherwise provided by this Act, all the terms and conditions applying in the case of a loan made by the Board of Works under the Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1831, shall apply in the case of the consolidated debt under this Act.

10. From and after the date of consolidation the provisions of this Act regulating the repayment and charge of, and the interest on, the forty thousand pounds advance as part of the consolidated debt, shall be substituted for the provisions, whether under statute or contract, which regulated such repayment and charge and interest before the passing of this Act, and these latter provisions shall cease to have effect, except as regards the payment of any interest due on the advance up to the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.

11. This Act may be cited as the Wicklow Harbour Advances Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Metropolitan Water Companies. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Any water consumer or any local authority may complain to the Railway and Canal Commission that any of the metropolitan water companies has failed to perform some statutory duty of the company, and the Commission may hear and determine that complaint, and if satisfied of such failure order the company within the time limited by the order to fulfil the duty, and may, if they think fit, by any such order, impose any penalty for such failure which can be imposed under any Act, and enforce any such order in like manner as any other order of the Commission.

(2.) If at any time complaint as to the quantity or quality of the water supplied by any of the metropolitan water companies for domestic use is made to the Railway and Canal Commission, by any water consumer or local authority, the Commission may hear and determine such complaint, and if satisfied that the complaint is well founded, may Ol der the company, within such reasonable time as is specified in the order, to remove the ground of such complaint, and may enforce such order in like manner as any other order of the Commission, and may award damages to the complainant.

(3.) All enactments relating to the Railway and Canal Commission (except section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1894, which restricts the power to award costs) shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to the Railway and Canal Commission for the purpose of their jurisdiction under this Acfe.Q(

1897.

Metropolis Water Act, 1897.

Ch. 56.

173

(4.) This Act shall be in addition to and not in substitution for any existing proceedings or remedy.

2. A local authority may aid any water consumer in obtaining Power of the determination of any question which appears to the local authority to be of interest to water consumers within the district ^ater

of such local authority with respect to the rights, duties, and consumers, liabilities of any of the metropolitan water companies in reference to the quantity or quality of water supplied or the charges made by them. A local authority aiding any legal proceedings under this section may, if the court think fit, be made a party to the proceedings, and shall be liable for costs accordingly.

3. The Metropolis Water Act, 1852, and the Metropolis Water Extension to Act, 1871, shall, as respects the metropolitan water companies, J^JleaJ[Jter extend to the whole of the area within which any of the companies adaptation

is for the time being authorised to supply water, and for the of Metropolis purpose of the said Acts as so extended reference to that area shall Water Actf-be substituted for references to “the metropolis” and “the limits 16 Vict* of this Act, ” and as respects any area outside the administrative 34 & 35 Vict. county of London a reference to the council of a county or-118-county borough shall be substituted for a reference to the metropolitan authority, and so much of the said Acts or of any local Act as is inconsistent with such substitution shall be and is hereby repealed.

4. The Railway Commissioners shall include in their annual Return of report a return of all proceedings taken before them under this Prceedins* Act. taken *

5. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — Definitions.

The expression “metropolitan water companies” means the

water companies specified in section three of the Metropolis 34 & 35 Vict. Water Act, 1871, namely; the New River Company, the East °*lls* London Waterworks Company, the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company, the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex VY aterworks, the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks, the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks, the Grand Junction Waterworks Company, and the Company of Proprietors of the Kent Waterworks:

The expression “water consumer ' means auy person who is supplied with water by any of the metropolitan water companies, or who pays or is liable to pay any money charged by any of those companies for or in respect of the supply of water, whether under the name of rent, rate, or otherwise, and includes any householder or owner or occupier of a house entitled to make a communication with the mains or pipes of any of those companies: Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect the terms of any agreement existing at the time of the passing of this Act between a water company and a water consumer as to the supply of water:

The expression “local authority” means the council of any county, borough, or district, the mayor, aldermen, and

174

Ch. 56, 57.

Metropolis Water Act, 1897.

GO & 61 Vict.

Short title and commencement.

commonalty of the city of London, and any vestry, district board, or local board of health in the county of London.

6. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Metropolis Water Act, 1897.

(2.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of September next after the passing thereof.

[Short title.]

Persons retaining or receiving for hire infants for the purpose of maintenance to give notice thereof.

Appointment and powers of inspectors, &c.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to amend the Law for the better Protection of Infant Life. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, This Act may be cited as the Infant Life Protection Act, 1897.

2. — (1.) Any person retaining or receiving for hire or reward in that behalf more than one infant under the age of five years for the purpose of nursing or maintaining such infants apart from their parents for a longer period than forty-eight hours, shall within the said forty-eight hours give notice thereof to the local authority.

(2.) Such notice shall truly state the name, age, and sex of such infants, the name of the person receiving the infants, and the dwelling within which such infants are being kept, and the name and address of the person or persons from whom the infants have been received.

(3.) If any such infant is removed from the care of the person who has received the infant for the purpose aforesaid, such person shall forthwith give to the local authority notice of the removal, and of the name and address of the person to whose care the infant has been transferred.

(4.) If any person who has retained or received any infant as aforesaid omits to give the said notices, or any of them, or knowingly or wilfully makes or causes or procures any other person to make any false statement in any such notice, he shall be guilty of an oTence against this Act.

3. — (1.) It shall be the duty of every local authority to provide for the execution of this Act within its district, and for that purpose it shall from time to time make inquiry whether there are any persons residing therein who retain or receive infants for hire or reward within the provisions of the preceding section.

(2.) A local authority may, if it think fit, appoint male or female inspectors to enforce this Act, and, if any such persons retaining or receiving infants as aforesaid are found in its district, it shall either appoint such inspectors or arrange for the infants being visited by women nominated by the local authority and authorised by it in writing to enforce the provisions of^M^AoL

1397.

Infant Life Protection Act, 1897.

Ch. 57.

175

(3.) A local authority may also, if it think fit, appoint or authorise In writing other suitable persons to execute the provisions of this Act, subject to such terms and conditions as may be stated in such appointment or authorisation.

(4.) Any local authority may combine with any other local authority for the purpose of executing the provisions of this Act, and for defraying the expenses of such execution.

(5.) Any inspector or other person duly appointed and authorised in writing by or on behalf of the local authority shall from time to time inspect any infants referred to in any notice given under this Act, and the premises in which they are retained or received, in order to satisfy himself as to the proper maintenance of such infants or to give any necessary advice or directions as to such maintenance.

(6.) If any person retaining or receiving such infants refuses to al)ow any such inspector or other person to inspect such infants or the premises in which they are retained or received he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

(7.) If any such inspector or other person is refused admittance to any premises in contravention of this Act, or has reason to believe that any infants under the age of five years are being kept in any house or premises in contravention of this Act, he may apply to any stipendiary magistrate or to any two justices of the peace, who, on being satisfied, on information in writing made before him or them on oath, that there is reasonable ground for believing that an offence against this Act has been committed, may grant a warrant authorising such inspector or other person to enter the house or premises for the purpose of inspection or of ascertaining whether any offence against this Act has been committed, and if the occupier of the house or premises or other person obstruct any inspector or other person acting in pursuance of such warrant, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

4. It shall be the duty of the local authority to fix the number Local autho-of infants under the age of five years which may be retained or received in any dwelling in respect of which notice has been °

received under this Act, and any person retaining or receiving any which may infant in excess of the number so fixed, shall be guilty of an offence be retamed-against this Act.

5. Any person retaining or receiving an infant under the age Notice to be of two years on consideration of a sum of money not exceeding ^ve"to. twenty pounds paid down, and without any agreement for further [!?“ b*UperJ payment, as value for the care and bringing up of the said infant sou receiving until it is reclaimed or of an age to provide for itself, shall within an infant for forty-eight hours from the time of receiving such infant give notice than^oT of the fact to the local authority. If he does not give the notice paid down, required by this section, he shall be liable to forfeit the amount of any sum received by him in respect of such infant, or such less sum as the court having cognizance of the case shall deem just, and the court shall give directions as to the manner in which the sum forfeited shall be applied for the benefit of the infant, and shall, if necessary, cause the infant to be removed to a workhouse or place

176

Cu. 57.

Infant Life Protection Act, 1897. GO & G1 VICT-

Notice of provisions of Act.

Removal of infant improperly kept.

Notice to coroner.

of safety, and the master of such workhouse shall receive such infant, which shall be maintained in the workhouse or place of safety until it can be otherwise lawfully disposed of.

6. It shall be the duty of the local authority to give public notice of the provisions of this Act by the publication of am abstract thereof or otherwise as a Secretary of State may direct.

7. — (1.) Should any infant, in respect of which notice is required to be given under this Act, —

(a) be kept in any house or premises which are so unfit or so* overcrowded as to endanger its health; or

(b) be retained or received by any person who, by reason of negligence, ignorance, or other cause, is so unfit to have its. care and maintenance as to endanger its health;

any inspector or other person appointed for the purposes of this Act may apply to the local authority for an order in writing-directing him to remove such infant to a workhouse or place of safety, until it can bo restored to its relatives or guardians or be otherwise lawfully disposed of.

(2.) Any person refusing to comply with an order under this section upon the same being produced and read over to him, or obstructing the inspector or other authorised person in the execution thereof, shall be guilty of an offence under this Act, and the inspector may apply to any justice of the peace for an order directing the removal of the child, and such order may be enforced by any police constable.

(3.) The master of any workhouse shall receive into the work-house any child brought there under such order, and such child shall be maintained in the workhouse until it can be otherwise disposed of.

(4.) No infant shall be retained or received for hire or reward by any person from whose care any infant has been removed under this section, or by any person convicted of any offence under the Prevention of Cruelty to and Protection of Children Acts, unless with the sanction in writing of the local authority; and any person retaining or receiving any infant contrary to this section shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

8. In case of the death of any infant respecting whom notice is required under this Act, the person having the care of such infanfc shall, within twenty-four hours of such death, cause notice thereof to be given to the coroner of the district within which the botly of such infant lies, and the coroner shall hold an inquest thereon, unless a certificate under the hand of a registered medical practitioner shall be produced to him, certifying that such registered medical practitioner has personally attended or examined such infant, and specifying the cause of its death, and the coroner shall be satisfied by such certificate that there is no ground for holding such inquest. If the pet son having the care of such infant shall neglect to give the notice in this section mentioned he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

1897.

Infant Life Protection Act, 1897.

Cii. 57.

177

9. Every person guilty of an offence under this Act shall he Penalties, liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to imprisonment

for not more than six months, as a court of summary jurisdiction may award.

10. All expenses incurred by or on behalf of the local authority Expenses, in and about the execution of this Act shall be defrayed out of the

local rate.

11. Any offence under this Act may be prosecuted and any pr0secution forfeiture recoverable before a court of summary jurisdiction in of offences, manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

12. Any moneys arising from penalties under this Act shall, Application notwithstanding any provision in any other Act, be paid to the of fines-local authority, and be applied to the purposes to which the local

rate is applicable.

13. Every notice by this Act required to be given to the local Notices to authority shall be in writing, and shall be sent by post as a 1?cnl autho-registered letter to the clerk of the local authority, or to such other ntjr‘ person as the local authority may appoint, or be delivered at the

office of the local authority.

14. The provisions of this Act shall not extend to the relatives or Exemptions, guardians of any infant by them retained or received as aforesaid,

or to any person receiving any infant for the purpose of nursing or maintaining such infant under the provisions of any Act for the relief of the poor or of any order of the Local Government Board made under such Act; or to hospitals, convalescent homes, or institutions established for the protection and care of infants and conducted in good faith for religious or charitable purposes.

15. The terms " local rate, ” “ local jurisdiction, ” and “ local Definitions, authority, ” mean in reference to the districts mentioned in the

first column of the schedule to this Act, the rate, jurisdiction, and authority mentioned in the second, third, and fourth columns of the said schedule, and such schedule shall be deemed to be part of this Act. The term “ place of safety ” shall mean any suitable place, the occupier of which is willing temporarily to receive such infant.

The term “ relatives ” shall mean and include the parents, grandparents, and uncles, and aunts, by consanguinity or affinity, of the infant retained or received as aforesaid, and in the case of illegitimate infants the persons who would be so related if the infant were legitimate.

16. This Act in its application to Scotland shall be subject to the Application to following provisions:The Secretary for Scotland shall be substituted Scottand *

for the Secretary of State; the Local Government Board for Scotland shall be substituted for the Local Government Board; the sheriff shall be substituted for a justice of the peace; the procurator fiscal shall be substituted for the coroner, and an inquiry by him into the cause of death for an inquest; the poorhouse shall be substituted for the workhouse; the inspector of poo^s^ml^lgipibstituted for

178

Ch. 57.

Infant Life Protection Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Application to Ireland.

Repeal.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 38.

Commencement of Act.

inspector; and the powers and duties which by section three hereof are conferred and imposed upon the inspector or other authorised person shall be conferred and imposed upon the inspector of poor.

17. In the application of this Act to Ireland, the Chief Secretary shall be substituted for a Secretary of State, and the Local Government Board for Ireland shall be substituted for the Local Government Board.

18. The Infant Life Protection Act, 1872, shall be repealed from the date of the commencement of this Act.

19. This Act shall commence on the first day of January one

thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.

SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

England and Wales.

District. Local Rate. Local Jurisdiction. Local Authority.

County of London. Rato or fund applicable to the payment of the general expenses of the Council. Area of the County of London (except the City of London). London County Council.

City of London - Consolidated sewers rate. Area of the City of London and the liberties thereof. Common Council.

Other places Rate or fund applicable to the general expenses of the guardians. The poor law union The board of guardians.

Scotland.

Parish The poor rate Area of parish Parish council.

Ireland.

In all places 1 The poor rate The poor law union The board of guardians.

1897.

Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1897.

Ch. 58, 59.

179

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to give power to make Regulations with respect to Cotton Cloth Factories. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; that is to say:

L The Secretary of State may by order, subject to the conditions as to the making of an order under section six of the Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1889, make regulations for the purpose of giving effect to such of the recommendations contained in the report, dated the seventeenth day of February, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, of the committee appointed by the Secretary of State on the twenty-eighth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, to inquire into the working of the Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1889, as he may deem necessary for the protection of health in cotton cloth factories, and may thereby require any additional readings of the thermometers, and make any consequential alterations in the schedules to that Act, and the regulations when made shall have effect as if embodied in that Act.

2. Thi3 Act may be cited as the Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1897, and shall be read as part of the Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1889, and that Act and this Act may be cited collectively as the Cotton Cloth Factories Acts, 1889 and 1897.

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, with respect to the Power of Detention for undermanning.

[6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Ml-) Section four hundred and fifty-nine of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (which gives power to detain unsafe ships), shall apply in the case of undermanning, and accordingly that section shall be construed as if the words “or by reason of undermanning ” were inserted therein after the word “ machinery, ” and as if the words “or for ascertaining the sufficiency of her crew ” were inserted after the word “ surveyed, ” and as if the words “or the manning of the ship ” were inserted therein after the words “reloading of cargo, ” and the powers exerciseable under or for the purposes of that section shall include power to muster the crew.

(2.) Section four hundred and sixty-two of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (which relates to foreign ships), shall also

Power to make regulations.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 62.

Short title and construction.

Extension of powers of detention for un safety to undermanning.

57 & 58 Vict c. 60.

]S0

Ch. 59, CO.

Merchant Shipping' Act, 1897.

60 & 01 Vict.

[Short title.]

Feeding mouth to have fittings to secure safety.

Fly-wheel and knives to he securely fenced.

Penalty for offences.

Tn prosecutions, owner of machine to prove he has taken proper precautions.

Defendant and husband or wife to ba

apply in the case of undermanning, and accordingly that section shall be construed as if the words “or by reason of undermanning were inserted therein after the words “improper loading.”

2. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act for the Prevention of Accidents by Chaff-Cutting Machines. [6th August 1897. J

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The feeding mouth or box of every chaff-cutting machine which is worked by any motive power other than manual labour shall, so far as is reasonably practical)'e and consistent with the due and efficient working of the machine, be of such construction or fitted with such apparatus or contrivance as to prevent the hand or arm of the person feeding the machine from being drawn between the rollers to the knives.

2. The fly-wheel and knives of every chaff-cutting machine which is worked by any motive power other than manual labour, shall, so far as is reasonably practicable and consistent with the due and efficient working of the machine, be kept sufficiently and securely fenced at all times during the working thereof.

3. If any person permits to be worked any chaff-cutting machine belonging to him, or used for his service or benefit, which does not comply with the requirements of this Act,

or if any foreman or other person in charge of any chaff-cutting machine, which does not comply with the requirements of this Act, works it or permits it to be worked, or if any person, during the working of any chaff-cutting machine, unnecessarily and without due cause removes any guard or thing provided in compliance with the requirements of this Act,

Every person so offending on any day shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

4. If in the prosecution of any person to whom the chaff-cutting machine belongs, or for whose service or benefit it is used, it is shown that the machine did not during the working thereof comply with the requirements of this Act, such person shall be deemed to have permitted the same unless he satisfy the court that he took all reasonable precautions to ensure compliance with the requirements of this Act.

5. Every person charged with an offence under this Act before any court of criminal jurisdiction, and the husband or wife of the

LL

1897.

181

Chajfr-Cutting Machines () Ch. 60, -61, 62.

Act, 1897.

person so charged, shall be competent but not compellable witnesses on every hearing at every stage of such charge.

6. Any constable acting upon the instruction of an officer of police not below the grade of inspector may at any time enter on any premises on which he has reasonable cause to believe that a chaff-cutting machine which does not comply with the requirements of this Act is being worked, for the purpose of inspecting such machine.

7. This Act shall not come into operation until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.

8. This Act may be cited as the Chaff-Cutting Machines (Accidents) Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to remove certain Exemptions from Compulsory Pilotage. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. As from the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, section six hundred and t!*ree of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, so far as it continues the exemptions granted by section fifty-nine of the Act passed in the sixth year of King George the Fourth, chapter one hundred and twenty-five, and extended by the Order in Council of the eighteenth of February one thousand eight hundred and fifty-four, and the said Order in Council, shall cease to operate in the case of vessels on voyages between any port in Sweden or Norway and the port of London.

2. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping (Exemption from Pilotage) Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to amend the provisions of Section Sixty-seven of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, in regard to the additional grant to School Boards, and to provide out of the Exchequer an aid grant for Voluntary Schools in Scotland, and for the Exemption from Bates of those Schools. [6th August 1897.]

WHEREAS by section sixty-seven of the Education (Scotland) v Act, 1872, it is enacted as follows:

“ Where in any parish or burgh a school rate of not less than threepence in the pound on the rateable value of such parish or burgh shall be levied, and the whole produce o^p^flate is less

competent

witnesses.

Constable may enter premises for inspecting machine.

Commencement of Act.

[Short title.]

Abolition of exemptions from compulsory pilotage under 6 Geo. 4. c. 125. s. 59.

[Short title.]

35 & 36 Vict o. 62.

182

Ch. 62.

Education (Scotland) Act, 1887^ 60 & 61 VICT.

Alteration of limit of 7s. 6 d.in

regard to additional grant to school boards.

Aid grant of 3s. per child to voluntary schools.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 79.

Exemption from rates of voluntary

schools.

Extent and short title.

than twenty pounds or than seven shillings and sixpence per child of the number of children in average attendance at the public schools provided by the school boards in such parish or burgh, such school board shall be entitled, in addition to the parliamentary giant in aid of the public schools provided by them, to such further sum out of moneys provided by Parliament as will, together with the produce of the rate, make up the sum of twenty pounds or seven shillings and sixpence for each such child ”:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by r nd with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section sixty-seven of the Education (ScotlanJ) Act, 1872, shall have effect as if the sum of seven shillings and sixpence therein mentioned were increased by the sum of fourpence for every complete penny by which the school rate exceeded threepence, but not beyond a maximum of sixteen shillings and sixpence. Provided always that during the year ending the fifteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight the increased additional grant payable to any school board under this section shall suffer abatement to the extent of one third in respect of the period between the fifteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven and the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.

2. For aiding voluntary schools there shall be annually paid out of moneys provided by Parliament an aid grant equal to three shillings per child for the whole number of children in average attendance in those schools, and that grant shall be distributed in such manner and in accordance with such conditions as may be set forth in the Scotch Education Code annually submitted to Parliament. The Code may require, as a condition of a school receiving a share of the aid grant, that the accounts of the receipts and expenditure of the school shall be annually audited in accordance with the regulations of the Department.

For the purpose of section nineteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, in so far as it relates to Scotland, the aid grant paid or payable to a voluntary school shall be deemed to be income derived from a source other than the parliamentary grant.

The expression “voluntary school” means a state aided day school not provided by a school board.

3. No assessment or rate under any general or local Act of Parliament for any county, burgh, parish, parochial or other local purpose whatsoever shall be assessed or levied upon or in respect of any land or buildings used exclusively or mainly for the purposes of the schoolrooms, offices, or playground of a voluntary school except to the extent of any profit derived by the managers of the school from the letting thereof.

4. This Act shall extend to Scotland only, and may be cited as the Education (Scotland) Act, 1897.

1897.

Foreign Prison-'tnade Goods Act, 1897. Ch. 63, 64.

183

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Prison-made Goods. [6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall be added to the table of prohibitions and restric- Prohibition

tions contained in section forty-two of the Customs Consolidation °/imP°Jta*. Act, 1876, the following, that is to say:prison-m^e

Goods proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of goods. Customs by evidence tendered to them to have been made or 40 vict* produced wholly or in part in any foreign prison, gaol, house of correction, or penitentiary, except goods in transit or not imported for the purposes of trade, or of a description not manufactured in the United Kingdom.

2. This Act may be cited as the Foreign Prison-made Goods Short title. Act, 1897.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act to amend Sections Four and Eight of the Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1865.

[6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. So much of section four of the Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment of Amendment Act, 1865, as limits to three hundred and twenty men 28 & 29 vict* the power to add to the constabulary force allotted to Belfast is c' 70‘8*4* hereby repealed.

2. So much of ' section eight of the Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment of Amendment Act, 1865, as limits to one hundred and fifty the ^70?8* number of men to be fixed for the discharge of the duties of a night watch in Belfast is hereby repealed.

3. This Act may be cited as the Constabulary (Ireland) Act, short title. 1897, and may be cited with the Constabulary (Ireland) Acts,

1836 to 1885.

1)84

Ch. 65.

.Land Transfer Act, 1897.

60 it 61 Vict.

38 & 39 Vict c. 87.

Devolution of legal interest in real estate on death.

Provisions a9 to administration.

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to establish a Real Representative, and to amend the Land Transfer Act, 1875. [6th August 1897.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to establish a real representative, and to amend the Land Transfer Act, 1875, in this Act referred to as “ the principal Act: ”

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part L

Establishment of a Real Representative.

1. — (1.) Where real estate is vested in any person without a right in any other person to take by survivorship it shall, on his death, notwithstanding any testamentary disposition, devolve to and become vested in his'personal representatives or representative from time to time as if it were a chattel real vesting in them or him.

(2.) This section shall apply to any real estate over which a person executes by will a general power of appointment, as if it were real estate vested in him.

(3.) Probate and letters of administration may be granted in respect of real estate only, although there is no personal estate.

(4.) The expression “real estate/' in this part of this Act, shall not be deemed to include land of copyhold tenure or customary freehold in any case in which an admission or any act by the lord of the manor is necessary to perfect the title of a purchaser from the customary tenant.

(5.) This section applies only in cases of death after the ccmmencement of this Act.

2. — (1.) Subject to the powers, rights, duties, and liabilities herein-after mentioned, the personal representatives of a deceased person shall hold the real estate as trustees for the persons by law beneficially entitled thereto, and those persons shall have the same power of requiring a transfer of real estate as persons beneficially entitled to personal estate have of requiring a transfer of such personal estate.

(2.) All enactments and rules of law relating to the effect of probate or letters of administration as respects chattels real, and as respects the deeding with chattels real before probate or administration, and as respects the payment of costs of administration and other matters in relation to the administration of personal estate, and the powers, rights, duties, and liabilities of

1897.

Land Transfer Act, 1897.

Ch. 65.

185

personal representatives in respect of personal estate, shall apply to real estate so far as the same are applicable, as if that real estate were a chattel real vesting in them or him, save that it shall not be lawful for some or one only of several joint personal representatives, without the authority of the court, to sell or transfer real estate.

(3.) In the administration of the assets of a person dying after the commencement of this Act, his real estate shall be administered in the same manner, subject to the same liabilities for debt, costs, and expenses, and with the same incidents, as if it were personal estate; provided that nothing herein contained shall alter or affect the order in which real and personal assets respectively are now applicable in or towards the payment of funeral and testamentary expenses, debts, or legacies, or the liability of real estate to be charged with the payment of legacies.

(4.) Where a person dies possessed of real estate, the court shall, in grantingletters of administration, have regard to the rights and interests of persons interested in his real estate, and his heir-at-law, if not one of the next-of-kin, shall be equally entitled to the grant with the next-of-kin, and provision shall be made by rules of court for adapting the procedure and practice in the grant of letters of administration to the case of real estate.

3. — (1.) At any time after the death of the owner of any land, his personal representatives may assent to any devise contained in his will, or may convey the land to any person entitled thereto as heir, devisee, or otherwise, and may make the assent or conveyance, either subject to a charge for the payment of any money which the personal representatives are liable to pay, or without any such charge; and on such assent or conveyance, subject to a charge for all moneys (if any) which the personal representatives are liable to pay, all liabilities of the personal representatives in respect of the land shall cease, except as to any acts done or contracts entered into by them before such assent or conveyance.

(2.) At any time after the expiration of one year from the death of the owner of any land, if his personal representatives have failed on the request of the person entitled to the land to convey the land to that person, the court may, if it thinks fit, on the application of that person, and after notice to the personal representatives, order that the conveyance be made, or, in the case of registered land, that the person so entitled be registered as proprietor of the land, either solely or jointly with the personal representatives.

(3.) Where the personal representatives, of a deceased person are registered as proprietors of land on his death, a fee shall not be chargeable on any transfer of the land by them unless the transfer is for valuable consideration.

(4.) The production of an assent in the prescribed form by the personal representatives of a deceased proprietor of registered land shall authorise the registrar to register the person named in the assent as proprietor of the land.

Provision for transfer to heir or devisee.

186

Ch. 65.

Land Transfer Act, 1897. 60 & 61 Vict.

Appropriation of land in satisfaction of legacy or share in estate.

Liability for duty.

Settled laud.

4. — (1.) The personal representatives of a deceased person may, in the absence of any express provision to the contrary contained in the will of such deceased person, with the consent of the person entitled to any legacy given by the deceased person or to a share in his residuary estate, or, if the person entitled is a lunatic or an infant, with the consent of his committee, trustee, or guardian, appropriate any part of the residuary estate of the deceased in or towards satisfaction of that legacy or share, and may for that purpose value in accordance with the prescribed provisions the whole or any part of the property of the deceased person in such manner as they think fit. Provided that before any such appropriation is effectual, notice of such intended appropriation shall be given to all persons interested in the residuary estate, any of whom may thereupon within the prescribed time apply to the court, and such valuation and appropriation shall be conclusive save as otherwise directed by the court.

' (2.) Where any property is so appropriated a conveyance thereof by the personal representatives to the person to whom it is appropriated shall not, by reason only that the property so conv yed is accepted by the person to whom it is conveyed in or towards the satisfaction of a legacy or a share in residuary estate, be liable to any higher stamp duty than that payable on a transfer of personal property for a like purpose.

(3.) In the case of registered land, the production of the prescribed evidence of an appropriation under this section shall authorise the registrar to register the person to whom the property is appropriated as proprietor of the land.

5. Nothing in this part of this Act shall affect any duty payable in respect of real estate or impose on real estate any other duty than is now payable in respect thereof.

Part II.

Amendments of the Land Transfer, 1875.

6. — (1) Settled land may (at the option of the tenant for life) be registered either in the name of the tenant for life, or, where there are trustees with powers of sale, in the names of those trustees, or, where there is an overriding power of appointment of the fee simple, in the names of the persons in whom that power is vested.

(2.) There shall also be entered on the register such restrictions or inhibitions as may be prescribed, or may be expedient, for the protection of the rights of the persons beneficially interested in the land.

(3.) Where land already registered is assured to the uses of a settlement, the instrument of transfer may be in a specially prescribed form, which shall operate as a conveyance to the uses of the settle *

1897.

Land Transfer, 1897.

Ctf. 65.

187

ment, and it shall be the duty of the trustees of the settlement (if any) to concur in the instrument, and to apply for the entry on the register of the proper restrictions or inhibitions under this section. If there are no such trustees, the registrar shall inquire into the terms of the settlement, and shall enter on the register such restrictions or inhibitions as may be prescribed, or as appear to him to be in accordance with this section.

(4.) On the death of a tenant for life, registered as proprietor of settled land, it shall be the duty of the trustees of the settlement (if any) to apply for the registration of his successor or successors, with such restrictions or inhibitions (if any) as may be in accoi'd-ance with this section. If the trustees neglect to apply or if there are no such trustees, the registrar shall proceed under the forty-first section of the principal Act in such manner as may be prescribed.

(5.) Where a settlement is created by the will of, or otherwise arises in consequence of the death of, a sole registered proprietor of land or of an undivided share in land, it shall be the duty of his personal representatives to apply for the registration of the person entitled to be registered as proprietor, and for the entry on the register of proper restrictions or inhibitions in accordance with this section.

(6.) The settlement, or an abstract or copy thereof, may be filed in the registry for reference in the prescribed manner, but such filing shall not affect a purchaser or mortgagee for value from the registered proprietor with notice of its provisions or entitle him to call for production of the settlement, or for any information or evidence as to its contents.

(7.) The registere I proprietor of settled land and all other necessary parties (if any) shall, on the request, and at the expense, of any person entitled to an estate, interest, or charge conveyed or created for securing money actually raised at the date of such request, charge the land in the prescribed manner with the payment of the money so raised.

(8.) Subject to the maintenance of the right of the registered proprietor to deal by registered disposition, or by way of mortgage by deposit, with any land whereof he is registered as proprietor, the estates, rights, and interests of the persons for the time being entitled under any settlement comprising the land shall be unaffected by the registration of that proprietor.

' (9.) A person in a fiduciary position may apply for, or concur in, or assent to, any registration authorised by this section, and, if he is a registered proprietor, may execute an instrument of transfer or charge in the prescribed form in favour of any person whose registration is so authorised.

(10.) In this section the expressions “ tenant for life, ” “ settled land, ” “ settlement, ” and “ trustees of the settlement, ” have the same meaning as in the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890.

7. — (1.) Where any error or omission is made in the register, or Right to

where any entry in the register is made or procured by or in inflei?nity m J e n Jj -ri jit r . . J . certain cases,

pursuance of fraud or mistake, and the error, omission, or entry

188

Ch. 65.

Land Transfer, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

88 & 39 Vict. c. 87.

91 Jac. 1. c. 16.

Land certificates, office copies of registered leases, and certificates of charge.

is not capable of rectification under the principal Act, any person suffering loss thereby shall be entitled to be indemnified in the manner in this Act provided.

(2.) Provided that where a registered disposition would if unregistered be absolutely void, or where the effect of such error, omisaion, or entry, would be to deprive a person of land of which he is in possession, or in receipt of the rents and profits, the register shall be rectified and the person suffering loss by the rectification shall be entitled to the indemnity.

(3.) A person shall not be entitled to indemnity for any loss where he has caused or substantially contributed to the loss by his act, neglect, or default, and the omission to register a sufficient caution, notice, inhibition, or other restriction to protect a mortgage by deposit or other equitable interest, or any estate or interest created under section forty-nine of the principal Act, shall be deemed neglect within the meaning of this sub-section.

(4.) Where the register i3 rectified under the principal Act by reason of fraud or mistake which has occurred in a registered disposition for valuable consideration, and which the grantee was not aware of and could not by the exercise of reasonable care have discovered, the person suffering loss by the rectification shall likewise be entitled to indemnity under this section.

(5.) The registrar may, if the applicant desires it, and subject to an appeal to the court, determine whether a right to indemnity has arisen under this section, and, if so, award indemnity. In the event of an appeal to the court, the applicant shall not be required to pay any costs except his own, even if unsuccessful, unless the court shall consider that the appeal is unreasonable.

(6.) Where indemnity is paid for a loss, the registrar, on behalf of the Crown, shall be entitled to recover the amount paid from any person who has caused or substantially contributed to the loss by his act, neglect, or default.

(7.) A claim for indemnity under this section shall be deemed a simple contract debt, and for the purposes of the Limitation Act, 1623, the cause of action shall be deemed to arise at the time when the claimant knows, or but for his own default might know, of the existence of his claim. This section shall apply to the Crown in like manner as it applies to a private person.

So long as a land certificate, office copy of a registered lease, or certificate of charge, is outstanding, it shall be produced to the registrar on every entry in the register of a disposition by the registered proprietor of the land or charge to which it relates, and on every registered transmission or rectification of the register, and a note of every such entry, transmission, or rectification shall be officially endorsed on the certificate or office copy, and the registrar shall have the same powers of compelling the production of certificates and office copies as are conferred on him by sections one hundred and nine and one hundred and ten of the principal

Ch. 65.

189

1897. Land Transfer , 1897.

Act as to the production of maps, surveys, books, and other documents.

(2.) Where a land certificate or office copy of a registered lease has been issued, the vendor shall deliver it to the purchaser on completion of the purchase, or, if only a part of the land comprised in the certificate or office copy is sold, he shall, at his own expense, produce, or procure the production of, the certificate or office copy in accordance with this section for the completion of the purchaser's registration. Where the certificate or office copy has been lost or destroyed, the vendor shall pay the costs of the proceedings required to enable the registrar to proceed without it.

(3.) A new land certificate, office copy of a registered lease or certificate of charge, shall not be granted by the registrar in place of a former certificate, or office copy, which has been lost or destroyed, unless the applicant has filed with the registrar a statutory declaration and such other evidence, if any, as the registrar may think necessary, stating the fact and circumstances of the loss or destruction of the former certificate or office copy, nor until at least one advertisement of the application in the London Gazette and three advertisements in a London daily morning newspaper shall have been published at intervals of not less than seven days, and three advertisements in a local newspaper circulating in the district in which the land is situate, and such indemnity (if any) given as the registrar shall think fit.

(4.) Where a transfer of land is made by the registered proprietor of a charge, in exercise of the power of sale conferred by the charge, it may be registered, and a new land certificate may be issued to the purchaser, without production of the former land certificate, but the certificate of charge (if any) must be produced or accounted for in accordance with this section. Subject to any stipulation to the contrary the proprietor of a registered charge shall not be entitled to have custody of the Land Certificate, or to require a Land Certificate to be applied for: —

(i.) On the first registration of freehold or leasehold land, and on the registration of a charge, a land certificate, office copy of the registered lease, or certificate of charge, as the case may be, shall be prepared, and shall either be delivered to the registered proprietor or deposited in the registry a3 the said proprietor may prefer;

(ii.) If so deposited in the registry it shall be officially endorsed from time to time, as in this section provided, with notes of all subsequent entries in the register affecting the land or charge to which it relates;

(iii.) The registered proprietor may at any time apply for the delivery of the certificate or office copy to himself or to such person as he may direct, and may at any time again deposit it in the land registry;

(iv.) The preparation, issue, endorsement, and deposit in the registry of the certificate or office copy shall be effected without cost to the proprietor.

190

Ch. 65.

Land Transfer Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict-

Transfers and charges. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.

The registered proprietor of any freehold or leasehold land or of a charge may, subject to any registered estates, charges, or rights, create a lien on the land or charge by deposit of the land certificate or office copy of registered lease, or certificate of charge; and such lien shall, subject as aforesaid, be equivalent to a lien created, by the deposit of title deeds or of a mortgage deed of unregistered land by an owner entitled iu fee simple or for the term or interest created by the lease for his own benefit, or by a mortgagee beneficially entitled to the mortgage.

The provisions of section eight of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, shall apply, so far as applicable thereto, to transfers of registered land as though such transfers were made by deed, and a transfer of land made by the proprietor of a registered charge with power of sale shall operate as a conveyance in profesed exercise of the power of sale conferred by the said Act.

(?.) The provisions of sections nineteen, twenty, twenty-one (except sub-sections one and four), twenty-two, twenty-three, and twenty-four of the same Act, shall similarly apply to registered charges.

(3.) Every registered proprietor of land may in the prescribed manner charge it with an annuity or other periodical payment, and the provisions of the principal Act and this Act with regard to charges shall apply to any such charge. Every registered proprietor of land may charge it, in favour of a building society under the Building Societies Acts, by means of a mortgage made in pursuance of or consistent with the rules of that society, and the mortgage shall be deemed a charge made in the prescribed manner, and shall be registered accordingly.

(4.) Nothing contained in any charge shall (i) take away from the registered proprietor thereof the power of transferring it by registered disposition or of requiring the cessation thereof to be noted on the register, or (ii) affect any registered dealing with land or a charge in respect of which the charge is not expressly registered or protected, in accordance with the principal Act and this Act.

(5.) The registrar may, on the application, or with the consent, of the registered proprietor of the land, and of the proprietors of all registered charges (if any) of equal or inferior priority, alter the terms of a charge.

(6.) Where a person on whom the right to be registered as proprietor of land or of a charge has devolved by reason of the death or bankruptcy of the registered proprietor, or has been conferred by an instrument of transfer or charge, in accordance with the principal Act and this Act, desires to transfer or charge the land or to deal with the charge before he is himself registered as proprietor, he may do so in the prescribed manner, and subject to the prescribed conditions. Subject to the provisions of the principal Act with regard to registered dealings for valuable consideration, a transfer or charge so made shall have the same effect as if the person making it were registered asi proprietor.

1897.

Land.Transfer Act, 1897.

Ch. 65.

191

10. Every person who (not being a barrister or a duly certificated

solicitor, notary public, conveyancer, special pleader, or draftsman in equity) either directly or indirectly, for or in expectation of any fee, gain, or reward, draws or prepares any instrument of transfer or charge, ^or an application to register restrictive conditions, or to alter or discharge, or alter the priority of a registered charge, or any other prescribed instrument, shall incur a tine not exceeding fifty pounds, which shall be recoverable before a court of summary jurisdiction in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts. . .[.

Provided that this section shall not extend to —

(a) any public officer drawing or preparing instruments and applications in the course of his duty; or

(b) any person employed merely to engross any instrument or application.

11. Section two of the statute of the thirty-second year of the reign of Henry the Eighth, chapter nine, which prohibits sales and other dispositions of land of which the grantor or his predecessor in title has not been in possession for one whole year previously to the disposition being made, is hereby repealed.

12. A title to registered land adverse to or in derogation of the title of the registered proprietor shall not be acquired by any length of possession, and the registered proprietor may at any time make an entry or bring an action to recover possession of the land accordingly. Provided that where a person would, but for the provisions of the principal Act or of this section, have obtained a title by possession to registered land, he may apply for an order for rectification of the register under section ninety-five of the principal Act, and on such application . the court may, subject to any estates or rights acquired by registration for valuable consideration in pursuance of the principal Act or this Act, order the register to be rectified accordingly. And provided also, that this section shall not prejudice, as against any person registered as first proprietor of land with a possessory title onl}r, any adverse claim in respect of length of possession of any other person who was in possession of such land at the time when the registration of such first proprietor took place.

13. — (1.) On every application to register land with an absolute title, or to register a transmission of land, the registrar shall inquire as to Succession Duty and Estate Duty.

(2.) If, on such application, it appears that there is, or is capable of arising, any such liability to Succession Duty or Estate Duty as would' affect the purchaser from the person to be registered -as proprietor if the land were, unregistered, the registrar shall enter notice of the liability on the register in the prescribed mannep.

(3.) Succession Duty and Estate Duty shall not- j

(a) unless so noted on the register; or

(b) unless in the case of a possessory title the liability to the duty wns, at the date of the original registration of the land subsisting or capable of arising; or

D\g\Wzed by

Penalty for

unqualified

persons

drawing

instruments.

As to statute of 32 Hen. 8. c. 9.

As to title by possession.

As to succession and estate duty.

192

Ch. 05.

Land Transfer Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

Repeal in part of 38 & 39 Vict. c. 87. 8. 83.

Provisions as to land held by incumbents of benefices.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 23.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 49.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 20.

(c) unless in the case of a qualified title the liability to the duty was included in the exceptions made on such original registration of the land;

affect a bon& fide registered purchaser for full consideration in money or money s worth, although he may have received extraneous notice of the liability in respect thereof.

14. — (I.) So much of section eighty-three of the principal Act as prohibits the registration of undivided shares, and limits the number of co-proprietors, and relates to the description, boundaries, and extent, and alteration of the description of registered land is repealed.

(2.) Registered land shall be described in the prescribed manner by means of the ordnance map, together with such further verbal particulars (if any) as the applicant for registration may desire, and the registrar, or the court, if the applicant prefers, may approve, regard being had to ready identification of parcels, correct description of boundaries, and, as far as may be, uniformity of practice.

15. — (1.) Where the incumbent of a benefice and his successors are the registered proprietors of land —

(i.) No disposition thereof shall be registered unless a certificate in the prescribed form shall be obtained —

(a) in case of sales under the Parsonages Act, 1838, or the Church Building Act, 1839, or any Acts amending or extending the same respectively, from Queen Anne's Bounty; or

(b) in case of sales under the Glebe Lands Act, 1888, or any Acts amending or extending the same, from the Board of Agriculture; or

(c)in all other cases, from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, (ii.) No lien shall be created by deposit of the land certificate, and an inhibition shall be placed on the register and on the land certificate accordingly.

The production of a certificate from any of the above-mentioned bodies shall be a sufficient authority to the registrar to register the disposition in question, and it shall be the duty of the proper body to grant such certificate in all cases in which the facts admit thereof.

(2.) On the registration of the incumbent of a benefice and his successors as the proprietors of registered land, if it shall be certified by Queen Anne's Bounty, or shall otherwise appear, that such land was originally purchased by Queen Anne's Bounty or was otherwise appropriated or annexed by or with the consent or the concurrence of Queen Anne's Bounty to the benefice for the augmentation thereof, the registrar shall enter a note to that effect on the register.

(3.) Where the incumbent of a benefice is entitled to indemnity under the provisions of this Act, the money shall be paid to Queen Anne's Bounty and appropriated by them to the benefice.

1897.

Land Transfer Act, 1897.

Ch. 65.

193

(4.) The term “ benefice ” in this section shall comprehend all rectories with cure of souls, vicarages, perpetual curacies, donatives, endowed public chapels and parochial chapelries, and chapelries or districts belonging, or reputed to belong, or annexed, or reputed to be annexed, to any church or chapel.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 87.

10. — (1.) A purchaser of registered land shall not require any Proviaions as evidence of title, except — to vendor and

purchaser on

(i.) the evidence to be obtained from an inspection of the register sales, or of a certified copy of, or extract from, the register;

(ii.) a statutory declaration as to the existence or otherwise of matters which are declared by section eighteen of the principal Act and by this Act not to be incumbrances;

(iii.) if the proprietor of the land is registered with an absolute title, and there are incumbrances entered on the register as subsisting at the first registration of the land, either evidence of the title to those incumbrances, or evidence of their discharge from the register;

(iv.) where the proprietor of the land is registered with a qualified title, the same evidence as above provided in the case of absolute title, and such evidence as to any estate, right, or interest excluded from the effect of the registration as a purchaser would be entitled to if the land were unregistered;

(v.) if the land is registered with a possessory title, such evidence of the title subsisting or capable of arising at the first registration of the land as the purchaser would be entitled to if the land were unregistered.

(2.) Where the vendor of registered land is not himself registered as proprietor of the land or of a charge giving a power of sale over the land, he shall, at the request of the purchaser and at his own expense, and notwithstanding any stipulation to the contrary, either procure the registration of himself as proprietor of the land or of the charge, as the case may be, or procure a transfer from the registered proprietor to the purchaser.

(3.) In the absence of special stipulation, a vendor of land registered with an absolute title shall not be required to enter into any covenant for title, and a vendor of land registered with a possessory or qualified title shall only be required to covenant against estates and interests excluded from the effect of registration, and the implied covenants under section seven of the Conveyancing 44 & 45 Vict. and Law of Property Act, 1881, shall be construed accordingly. c. 41.

17. — (1.) The registered proprietor of land not situated in a Power to district where the registration of title is compulsory, may, with the ^)^eland consent of the other persons (if any) for the time being appearing re^ter? by the register to be interested therein, and on delivering up the land certificate or office copy of the registered lease and certificates of charge (if any), remove the land from the register.

(2.) After land is removed from the register no further entries shall be made respecting it, and inspection of the register may be

Ch. 65.

Land Transfer, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

l$4

made and office copies of the entries therein may be issued, subject to such regulations as may be prescribed.

(3.) If the land so removed from the register is situate within the jurisdiction of the Middlesex or Yorkshire registries named in 38 & 39 Vict. section one hundred and twenty-seven of the principal Act, it shall c* 87, - again be subject to such jurisdiction as from the date of the

removal. i

Minor amendments in Schedule I.

18. The principal Act shall be further amended in regard to its minor details in the manner set forth in the First Schedule hereto.

Registration of 19. — (I.) Where a county council apply in pursuance of section

small holdings, ten of the Small Holdings Act, 1892, for registration as proprietors 55^& 56 Vict. 0£ £jiey may be registered as proprietors of that land, with any such title as is authorised by the principal Act.

(2.) Where a county council, after having been so registered, transfer any such land to a purchaser of a small holding, the purchaser shall be registered as proprietor of the land with an absolute title, subject only to such incumbrances as may be created under the Small Holdings Act, 1892, and in any such case the remedy of any person claiming by title paramount to the county council in respect either of title or incumbrances shall be in damages only, and such damages shall be recoverable against the county council.

Part III.

Compulsory Registration and Insurance Fund.

Power to require registration of title on sale.

38 & $9 Vict. c. 87.

20. — (1.) Her Majesty the Queen may, by Order in Council, declare, as respects any county or part of a county mentioned or defined in the Order, that, on and after a day specified in the Order, registration of title to land is to be compulsory on sale, and thereupon a person shall not, under any conveyance on sale executed on or after the day so specified, acquire the legal estate in any freehold land in that county, or part of a county, unless or until he is registered as proprietor of the land.

(2.) In this section the expression “conveyance on sale” means an instrument executed on sa'e by virtue whereof there is conferred or completed a title under which an application for registration as first proprietor of land may be made under the principal Act.

(3.) The title with which a proprietor of freehold land is registered in pursuance of this section shall be not less than a possessory title; but nothing in this section shall prevent any person from being registered with any other title if the registrar is satisfied of his title.

(4.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council to revoke or vary any Order made under this section.

(5.) In the case of every Order proposed to be made under this section, notice shall, six months before the Order is made, be given to the council of the county to which such Order is proposed to be applied. A draft of the proposed Order, together with the name of

1897.

Land Transfer, 1897.

Ch. 6$.

; W

at least one place within or conveniently near to the county where a district registry office will be established, shall accompany the notice, and shall also be published in the Gazette. ..

(0.) If within three months after receipt of the draft the county council, at a meeting specially called for the purpose, at which two-thirds of the whole number of the members shall be present, resolve, and communicate to the Privy Council their resolution, that in their opinion compulsory registration of title would not be desirable in their county, the Order shall not be made.

(7.) The first Order made under this section shall not affect more than one county.

(8.) Except as to a county or part of a county which shall have signified through the county council of such county, pursuant to a resolution of such council passed at a meeting at which two-thirds of the whole number of the members shall be present, its desire that registration of title shall be compulsorily applied to it, no further Order shall be made under this section, and in any case no further Order shall be made under this section until the expiration of three years from the making of the first Order. Provided that in the case of an Order made under this sub-section the provisions of sub-section (6) shall not apply.

(9.) Every Order of Council made under this section shall, within thirty days from the date thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, or within twenty da}Ts from the commencement of the next session, if Parliament be not sitting, be laid on the table of both Houses of Parliament, and if within forty days of any order being so laid an Address in either House disapproving of such order be carried, such Order shall be void and of no effect.

(10.) Any Order made under this section shall be made with due regard to the utilisation (if practicable) of any land registry existing in the county to which compulsory registration is proposed to be applied or in any adjoining county.

(11.) For the purposes of this section the word county shall have the same meaning as in the Local Government Act, 1888, and shall 51 & 52 Vict. include a county borough; and the word county council shall include c* 41, the council of such borough.

(12.) — (i.) In the event of any portion of a county or part of a county as regards which an Order has been made under this section being included in another county or in a county borough as regards which no Order has been made under this section, such Order shall cease to be in force within such included portion of the county.

(ii.) In the event of any portion of a county or part of a county as regards which no Order has been made under this section being included in another county or in a county borough as regards which an Order has been made under this section, such Order shall apply to such included portion of the county.

21. — (1.) For the purpose of providing indemnity payable insurance under this Act, there shall be established an insurance fund to fund for be raised by setting apart at the end of each financial year such

Cjooyle

196

Ch. 65.

Land Transfer Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

Buies and fee orders.

38 & 89 Vict. c. 87.

portion of the receipts from fees taken in the land registry as the Lord Chancellor and the Treasury shall by order determine.

(2.) The insurance fund shall he invested in such names and manner as the Treasury from time to time direct.

(3.) If the insurance fund is at any time insufficient to pay indemnity for any loss chargeable thereon, the deficiency shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof; but any sum so paid out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, shall be repaid out of the money subsequently standing to the credit of the insurance fund.

(4.) Accounts of the fund shall be kept, and be audited as public accounts, in accordance with such regulations as the Treasury from time to time make.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous.

22. — (1.) Regulations may be made by the Lord Chancellor, under section one hundred and six of the principal Act, altering or adding to the official styles of the registrar and other officers of the registry, for the purposes of this Act.

(2.) General rules under section one hundred and eleven of the principal Act shall be made by the Lord Chancellor with the advice and assistance of the registrar, a judge of the Chancery Division of the High Court to be chosen by the judges of that division, and three other persons, one to be chosen by the General Council of the Bar, one by the Board of Agriculture, and one by the Council of the Incorporated Law Society.

(3.) Orders under section one hundred and twelve and one hundred and twenty-two of the principal Act shall be made by the Lord Chancellor with the advice and assistance of the same persons, and with the concurrence of the Treasury.

(4.) The fee orders relating and incidental to registration of title shall be arranged from time to time so as to produce an annual amount sufficient to discharge the salaries and other expenses (including the annual contribution to the insurance fund) incidental to the working of the principal Act, and this Act, and no more.

(5.) Su eject to any alterations that may be made in accordance with sections one hundred and twelve and one hundred and twenty-two of the principal Act and this section, the fees to be charged in districts where registration of title is compulsory shall, as regards the matters mentioned in the Second Schedule hereto, be as therein set forth.

(6.) Provision may be made by general rules, under section one hundred and eleven of the principal Act, as amended by this Act, for carrying this Act into effect, and in particular for the following purposes:—

(a.) For carrying out the provisions of this Act with respect to compulsory registration;

1897.

Land Transfer , 1897.

Ch. 65.

197

(6.) For adapting to the registration of proprietors of leasehold land the provisions of the principal Act, as to absolute and possessory titles, and as to land certificates;

(c.) For adapting to sub-mortgages and to incumbrances prior to registration the provisions of the principal Act with regard to charges;

(d.)For the conduct of official searches against cautions, inhibitions, and such matters of a like nature as may be prescribed, and for enabling the registered proprietor to apply for such searches by telegraph, and for returning the replies in like manner to him or to such other person as he may direct;

(e.) For enabling cautions to be entered against the registration of possessory and qualified titles as qualified or absolute;

(/.) For enabling a mortgagee by deposit to give notice to the registrar by registered letter or otherwise of the deposit with him of the land certificate, office copy of the registered lease, or certificate of charge. Provided that the fee for the entry of any such notice shall not exceed one shilling;

(g.) For applying to the grant of leases and dealings with leasehold land the provisions of this Act with respect to compulsory registration;

(h.)For allowing the insertion, inserting in the register, and in land certificates, of the price paid or value declared on first registrations, transfers, and transmissions of land; and (i.) For regulating any such matters as are authorised by this Act to be prescribed.

(7.) Provided that nothing in the rules under the said section shall extend to allow the inspection of any entry in the register, except by or under the authority of some person interested in the land or charge to which the entry refers.

(8.) Provision may be made by general orders under section one hundred and eighteen of the principal Act for modifying the provisions of that Act with respect to the formation and constitution of district registries, and for providing the mode in which district registrars are to be remunerated; but nothing in any such order shall affect the provisions as to qualification contained in section one hundred and nineteen of the principal Act.

23. — (1.) At any time after the passing of this Act, and subject Provision lor; to the provisions of section twenty of this Act, the Lord Chancellor may enter into an agreement with the county council of any of deeds, the three ridings of Yorkshire for the transfer of the business of the local deed registry established in that riding to the office of land registry.

(2.) The agreement shall be drawn up in accordance with the principles of sections one, three, and four of the Land Registry 54 & 55 Vict. (Middlesex Deeds) Act, 1891, which provided for the transfer of c-64-the Middlesex registry of deeds to the land registry, and shall, after approval by the Treasury, take effect accordingly.

m

Cfl. 65.

Land Transfer Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

Interpretation.

Commencement of Act.

Short title and construction.

(3.) The whole of the property, assets, and liabilities of the county council, in relation to the local registry, shall be included in the transfer, and shall be taken over by the State at a price to be specified in or ascertained under the terms of the agreement, but no sum shall be payable for compensation in respect of any future loss of fees consequent upon such transfer.

(4.) Unless and until an agreement as aforesaid is concluded the county council may from time to time, at intervals of five years, in the event of their suffering loss, owing to the business of the local registry being diminished by reason of the principal Act and this Act, apply to the Treasury for compensation, and the Treasury shall award such compensation accordingly.

(5.) The compensation shall be made by the payment of a capital sum to the county fund to be determined in case of dispute by arbitration in the usual way on the basis of the receipts and expenditure in respect of the local registry during the three years previous to the claim being made, and that the county fund shall not be placed in a worse financial position by the operation of the Act.

(6.) All payments under this section shall be made out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

24. — (1.) All hereditaments, corporeal and incorporeal, shall be deemed land within the meaning of the principal Act and this Act, except that nothing in this Act shall render compulsory the registration of the title to an incorporeal hereditament, or to mines or minerals apart from the surface, or to a lease having less than forty years to run or two lives yet to fall in, or to an undivided share in land, or to freeholds intermixed and indistinguishable from lands of other tenure, or to corporeal hereditaments parcel of a manor, and included in a sale of the manor as such.

(2.) In this Act the expression “personal representative” means an executor or administrator.

25. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.

26. This Act may be cited as the Land Transfer Act, 1897, and shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the Land Transfer Acts, 1875 and 1897.

1897.

Land Transfer Act, 1897.

Ch. 65.

SCHEDULES.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Minor Amendments of the Principal Act.

The sections of the principal Act mentioned in the first column of this Schedule are repealed or amended to the extent and in the manner set forth in the third column.

l.

Section in Principal Act.

2.

3.

Subject Matter.

Extent of Repeal or Nature of Amendment.

2

11

18

18 (4) (5)

18, last paragraph.

Only land of freehold tenure to be registered.

Registration of leasehold land.

Various rights and liabilities not to be incumbrances.

Rights to and in respect of mines and minerals not to be incumbrances.

Power for registrar to note on the register the existence of liabilities mentioned in the section.

If, at any time, land is found to have been registered with absolute or qualified title contrary to the provisions of this section, the registration shall not be annulled, but shall be deemed an error not capable of rectification under the principal Act, and any person suffering loss thereby shall be indemnified accordingly.

A sub-lease shall, and a term created for mortgage purposes shall not, be deemed a lease within the meaning of this section.

This section shall include estate duty, liability to repair the chancel of any church, liability in respect of embankments, sea and river walls, and drainage rights, customary rights, public rights, and profits a prendre, and, subject to the provisions of this Act, rights acquired or in course of being acquired under the limitation Acts.

These sub-sections shall apply only to rights created previously to the registration of the land or the commencement of this Act.

The power conferred on the registrar shall be exercised in all cases where the abstract of title on first registration or on registration as qualified or absolute discloses the existence of any such liabilities as are mentioned in sub-sections (4) and (5).

Where an easement is registered as an incumbrance, the dominant ' and servient tenements shall be defined, if practicable and required by the parties.

Notice of a power of re-entry and of a right of reverter may be entered on the register under this paragraph.

199

Section 18.

200

Ch. 65.

Land Transfer, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

1. 2. 3.

Section in Principal Act. Subject Matter. Extent of Repeal or Nature of Amendment.

19 and 28, second paragraph. 21 22 Discharge of incumbrances created prior to the registration of the land, and of registered charges. No acquisition of title by adverse possession. Creation of charges - These sections shall apply to part discharges. Repealed. Charges created under this section are subject to the provisions of the principal Act in respect of qualified or possessory titles.

30-33 and 35-38 Effect of transfers of freehold and leasehold land. In the absence of anything to the contrary in the register, or in the transfer, or (in the case of leasehold land) in the lease, the word “ land '* in these sections includes the mines and minerals if parcel thereof.

40 Transfer of charges - i A registered transferee for value of a charge, and his successors in title, shall not be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the original charge itself, of which the transferee was not aware when it was transferred to him.

43 Transmission on bankruptcy. ! ! This section shall not apply until it is certified in the prescribed manner by the court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy that the land or charge is part of the property of the bankrupt divisible amongst hia creditors. The official receiver shall be entitled to be registered pending the appointment of a trustee.

44, 45, 83 (4) As to married women ! i 1 These sections shall not apply to the case of any woman married on or after 1st January 1883, or to any property to which a married woman is entitled for her separate use.

49 50 General powers of disposition over land. Notice of leases - - This section includes power to sever the mines and minerals from the surface. The words “made subsequently to the “ last transfer of the land on the “ register ” are repealed.

58 Registration of restrictions. The words “ for his own 6ake, or at “ the request of some person “ beneficially interested in such “ land ” are repealed, and the section shall apply to charges as well as to land.

1897.

Land Transfer, 1897.

Cff. 65.

201

1. Section in Principal Act. 2. Subject Matter. 3. Extent of Repeal or Nature of Amendment.

66 Notices to the Board of Trade and others on registration of foreshore. This section shall not apply to registration with a possessory title.

72 Title deeds to be marked with notice of registration. In the case of registration with a possessory title, the registrar may act on such reasonable evidence as may be prescribed as to the sufficiency of the documents produced, and as to dispensing with their production in special circumstances.

78 Loss or destruction of land certificate. Repealed.

81 Effect of deposit of land certificate. Repealed.

82, first Registration of advow- The words “enjoyed in gross” are

paragraph. sons and otherincor-poreal hereditaments. repealed.

83(1) Notices of trusts Repealed, and the following sub-section substituted: — Neither the registrar nor any person dealing with registered land or a charge shall be affected with notice of a trust, express, implied, or constructive; and references to trusts shall, as far as possible, be excluded from the register.

83(2) Undivided shares and joint proprietors. Repealed.

83(3) Entry of no survivorship of joint proprietors. The words “ with their consent ” are repealed, and the following words and further provision are added to this sub-section:— “or of the registrar, after inquiry into title, “ subject to an appeal to the court. “ Subject to general rules, wherever registered land or a charge is to be entered in the names of two or more joint proprietors, the registrar shall make such entry under this sub-section as may be prescribed, ^unless it is shown to his satisfaction that the joint proprietors are entitled for their own benefit.”

83 (5 and 6) Description boundaries and extent of registered land. Annexation of conditions to land. Repealed. Conditions maj' be annexed to land at any time, and the section shall apply to any restrictive condition capable of affecting assigns by way of notice.

0

202

Ch. 65.

Land Transfer Act, 1897.

60 & 61 yicr *

Section 22.

1.

Section in Principal Act.

2.

3.

Subject Matter.

Extent of Repeal or Mature of Amendment.

126

127

Transfer of titles from The words “ nevertheless it shall not - the 1862 register. “be obligatory on any person interested in an estate registered “ under the said Land Registry Act, “ 1862, to cause such estate to be “ registered under this Act ” are repealed.

Registered land to be exempt from Middlesex and Yorkshire registries.

The section shall not apply to estates and interests excepted from the effect of registration under a possessory or qualified title, or to an unregistered reversion on a registered leasehold title, or to dealings with incumbrances created prior to the registration of the land.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

The following fees shall be paid in districts where registration of title is compulsory, and shall include all necessary surveying, mapping, and scrivenery, and the preparation, issue, endorsement, or deposit, as the case may be, of a land certificate, office copy, registered lease, or certificate of charge; discharges of incumbrances, the registration of any necessary cautions, inhibitions or restrictions, the filing of auxiliary documents (if any), and all other necessary costs of and incidental to the completion of each registration or transaction, whether under one or under several titles.

For possessory registration, and for transfers, charges, and transfers of charges for valuable consideration:—

Value. Fees.

Not exceeding 1,000?. Is. 6d. for every 25?. or part of 25?.

Exceeding 1,000?. and not exceeding 3,000?. 3?.for the first 1,000?., and Is. for every 25?. or part of 25?. over 1,000?.

Exceeding 3,000?. and not exceeding 10,000?. 7?. for the first 3,000?., and Is. for every' 50?. or part of 50?. over 3,000?.

Exceeding 10,000?. - # 14?. for the first 10,000?., and Is. for every 100?. or part of 100?., up to a maximum of 25?. for 32,000?.

X897.

Land Transfer Act, 1897.

Ch. 65, 66.

20

For transmissions and transfers not for value, notices of leases, and rectification of the register, and land:—

One quarter of the above fees, according to the capital value of the interest dealt with, with a minimum of If. and a maximum of 51.

No fees to be charged for inspection of the register.

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to amend the Judicature (Ireland) Acts, 1877 to 1888; and to provide for the union and consolidation of the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland with the Supreme Court; and for other purposes connected therewith.

[6th August 1897.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.* — (1.) The Exchequer Division shall be fused and amalgamated Amalgamation with the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court, and the Lord ©Msio^vrith Chief Baron of the Exchequer shall take rank in the Queen's Queen's Bench Bench Division next after the Lord Chief Justice, and in all other Division, respects shall have and enjoy the same title, rank, precedence, patronage, rights, salary, and emoluments as he had and enjoyed immediately before the passing of this Act; and shall have the same rights in relation to appointments to the offices held by the existing officers of the Exchequer Division (save the office of master) and in relation to any office which may be created in substitution for any such existing office, as if such new office were in the Exchequer Division.

(2.) Any order which may be made, during the continuance in office of the Lord Chief Baron, for consolidating or reducing the number of the existing offices in the Queen's Bench and Exchequer Divisions shall state which of the new or continuing offices shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to have been created in substitution for an existing office in the Exchequer Division.

(3.) All causes and matters pending in the Exchequer Division, and all causes and matters which would have been assigned to that Division, if this Act had not passed, shall be assigned to the Queen's Bench Division.

2. — (1.) One of the existing vacancies in the office of puisne As to Judge-judge of the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court shall not Bench

be filled until the occurrence of the vacancy next ensuing after Division, the passing of this Act in the office of judge of the Probate and Matrimonial Division.

O 2

204

Ch. 06.

Supreme Court of Judicature 60 & 61 VICT. (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1897.

Abolition of jodgeships of Court of Bankruptcy and provision for consolidation of that court with Supreme Court.

Transaction of bankruptcy business by the High Court.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 60.

(2.) The other such vacancy shall be filled by the appointment of the Honourable Walter Boyd, and that appointment shall be effected by and on the passing of this Act.

3. — (1.) The office of judge of the Court of Bankruptcy shall be abolished, and that Court shall be united and consolidated with the Supreme Court, and all jurisdiction and powers of the Court of Bankruptcy, under any Act or otherwise, and of the judges thereof or either of them, shall vest in and be exercised by the High Court, and all causes and matters pending in the Court of Bankruptcy, or which would have been within the cognizance of that Court if this Act had not passed, shall be assigned to the Queen's Bench Division.

(2.) The Judicature (Ireland) Acts, 1877 to 1888, shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, have effect for the purpose of such union and consolidation as if the same had been effected by those Acts, except that all expressions referring to the time appointed for the commencement of the principal Act shall be construed as referring to the date of the passing of this Act, and all rules and orders to be made after the passing of this Act in reference to bankruptcy jurisdiction shall be made and altered by the authorities in that behalf provided by the Judicature (Ireland) Acts, 1877 to 1888, as amended by this Act; provided that the existing rules and orders in bankruptcy shall remain in force until altered.

4. — (1.) All causes and matters in bankruptcy shall be ordinarily disposed of by or under the direction of one of the judges of the Queen's Bench Division, to be assigned by the Lord Lieutenant, and the judge so assigned shall have for that purpose the same jurisdiction and authority as the judges of the Court of Bankruptcy would have had if this Act had not passed, and may also appoint and remove the chief registrar and official assignees in bankruptcy, subject to any changes in the official staff which may be made under the Judicature (Ireland) Acts, 1877 to 1888, as amended by this Act, or otherwise. The Honourable Walter Boyd shall be deemed to be the judge'first assigned under this provision, and neither he nor any judge subsequently assigned as aforesaid shall act under any Commission of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, unless so required by the Lord Chancellor, but this provision shall not apply, without his own consent, to any judge appointed before the passing of this Act.

(2.) Appeals in bankruptcy matters shall lie to the Court of Appeal in the same manner and in respect of the same proceedings as before the passing of this Act.

(3.) The percentages payable to the official assignees in pursuance of section sixty-seven of the Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857, shall be fixed, by means of a scale or otherwise, by the Lord Chancellor, with the advice and consent of the Lord Chief Justice and Lord Chief Baron, or either of them, and with the concurrence of the Treasury.

(4.) Subject to the provisions of the principal Act and this Act, all officers (including official assignees), clerks, and subordinate

1897.

Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland)(No. 2) Act, 1897.

Ch. 66.

205

persons who are, at the passing of this Act, attached to the Court of Bankruptcy, shall be attached to the High Court; and the offices in bankruptcy shall be consolidated with the offices of the Queen's Bench Division in such manner as may be provided by order made, with the concurrence of the Treasury, by the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice, and the Lord Chief Baron, or any two of them, of whom the Lord Chancellor shall be one; provided that no officer or clerk at the passing of this Act attached to the Court of Bankruptcy shall be in a worse position as regards tenure of office, salary, or superannuation allowance (if any), than he would have been in if this Act had not passed.

(5.) The vacancy in the office of official assignee in bankruptcy next occurring after the passing of this Act shall not be filled, unless in the opinion of the Lord Chancellor it is desirable and necessary, and if not filled there shall be in Dublin one official assignee only, who shall, subject to rules of court, discharge all the duties of the office.

(6.) Subject to rules of court, all bankruptcy matters shall be entitled in the High Court of Justice in Ireland, Queen's Bench Division, “ In bankruptcy.”

(7.) Subject to rules of court, any judge of the High Court may exercise in chambers the whole or any part of his jurisdiction in bankruptcy.

(8.) A solicitor shall have the same right of audience in all proceedings in bankruptcy as before the passing of this Act.

5. — (1.) On the occurrence of the vacancy next ensuing after the Abolition of passing of this Act in the office of Judge of the Probate and j^blte'Lid Matrimonial Division, that office shall not be filled, and that Matrimonial Division shall be fused and amalgamated with the Queen's Bench Division. Division, and all causes and ipatters then pending in the Probate and Matrimonial Division, or which would have been assigned to that Division if this Act had not passed, shall be assigned to the Queen's Bench Division, and all such causes and matters (other than trials) shall be ordinarily disposed of by or under the direction of one of the judges of the Queen's Bench Division to be assigned by the Lord Lieutenant, and such judge shall have the same jurisdiction, authority, title to or ownership of the property of persons dying intestate, and rights of patronage, appointment, and dismissal, as the judge of the Probate and Matrimonial Division has at the passing of this Act, subject to any changes which may be made in the official staff under the Judicature (Ireland) Acts, 1877 to 1888, or otherwise.

(2.) The existing rules and orders of the Probate and Matrimonial Division shall remain in force until altered.

8. All causes and matters now* pending or hereafter arising which Court of are or will be within the cognizance of the High Court by reason of Admiralty* the union and consolidation of the High Court of Admiralty with the Supreme Court heretofore effected under section nine of the principal Act shall be assigned to the Queen's Bench Division, and shall be ordinarily disposed of by one of th $ zjudges CO toM? kQu een's

206

Additional judges of Court of Appeal.

As to Orders in Council, exercise of patronage, &c.

Provision for assignment of Judges to discharge business of any Division in certain cases.

Provision for transfer of officers.

Amendment of 50 Vict. c. 6. s. 4, as to exercise of

' livers, &c.

Ch. 66. Supreme Court of Judicature 60 & 61 VICT.

(Ireland) (No. 2) A ct} 1897.

Bench Division to be assigned by the Lord Lieutenant, and such judge shall have in respect of Admiralty jurisdiction the same rights of patronage, appointment, and dismissal a9 the Lord Chancellor has at the passing of this Act, and as a new judge of the Probate and Matrimonial Division would have had if this Act had not passed, subject to any changes which may be made in the official staff under the Judicature (Ireland) Acts, 1877 to 1888, as amended by this Act or otherwise.

7. — (1.) Any additional judge of the Court of Appeal shall be capable, but not bound without his own consent, to act under any Commission of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery.

(2.) Any person having held the office of ordinary judge of the Court of Appeal may be appointed, under Her Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as an additional judge of the said Court.

8. — (1) The Lord Lieutenant may, for the purpose of the fusion and amalgamation of the Exchequer Division, or the Probate and Matrimonial Division with the Queen's Bench Division, or of the union and consolidation of the Court of Bankruptcy with the Supreme Court, by Order in Council, give such directions as may appear to him necessary and proper for carrying such fusion and amalgamation or union and consolidation into effect.

(2.) Any question that may arise in reference to the right of any judge assigned by the Lord Lieutenant in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this Act to appoint or remove any officer, shall, in case of difference of opinion, be decided by the Lord Chancellor.

(3.) Any such appointment or order of removal made by any such

judge shall be subject to the approval of the Lord Chief Justice:

Provided that if any such appointment is not made and approved

of within one month after the occurrence of the vacancy in

/

the office, the Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit, make the appointment.

9. Whenever in the opinion of the Lord Chancellor the amount or state of business in any Division of the High Court renders it desirable, he may by order under his hand assign any Judge of the High Court to discharge or assist in the discharge of such business:Provided that no judge appointed a judge of the High Court before the passing of this Act shall be so assigned without his own consent.

10. If the services of any officer attached to any Division of the High Court are not required in that Division, the Lord Chancellor may, with the concurrence of the other presidents of Divisions, and of the Lord Chief Baron during his continuance in office, transfer such officer to some other Division of the High Court, subject to the provisions of the principal Act with respect to officers existing at the commencement of that Act.

11. On the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of Lord Chief Baron the powers, functions, matters, and things mentioned in section four of the Supreme Court of Judi^land) Act, 1887,

1897.

Sup't'eme Court of Judicature (Ireland)(No. 2) , 1897.

Ch. 66.

207

may be exercised and done by the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice, and the Master of the Rolls, or any two of them, of whom the Lord Chancellor shall be one, subject to the conditions referred to in the said section.

12. The persons upon whose recommendation the Lord Lieutenant may make, alter, or annul rules, under section sixty-one of the principal Act, shall include the President of the Incorporated Law Society of Ireland, and two persons (one of whom shall be a practising barrister) to be appointed for the purpose by the Lord Chancellor, by writing under his hand, for such time as may be specified by him.

13. — (1.) An annual sum equal to the salary attached to any judgeship which by or in pursuance of this Act is abolished or left vacant shall, in the case of a salary payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, continue to be charged on and paid out of that fund or the growing produce thereof, and in the case of a salary payable out of money provided by Parliament, continue to be paid out of money so provided, and shall in either case be earned by the Treasury to a separate account and be applied to such Irish purposes as Parliament may from time to time direct.

(2.) The Treasury shall also at the end of each financial year out of money provided by Parliament carry to the same account a sum equal to the net savings which in the opinion of the Treasury have been effected during that year by the abolition or consolidation of offices in pursuance of this Act, and the sum so carried shall be applied to such purposes as aforesaid.

14. In this Act the expression “the principal Act” means the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, and the expression "existing” means existing at the passing of this Act.

15. This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1897, and, save where inconsistent therewith, shall be construed as one with the Judicature (Ireland) Acts, 1877 to 1888, and may be cited with those Acts.

16. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

Persons on whose recommendation Rules of Court are to be made.

Provision with reference to salaries of judgeships abolished and savings in case of offices consolidated or abolished.

Definitions. 40 & 41 Vict. c. 57.

Short title and construction.

R rpeals.

208

Ch. 66, 67.

Supreme Court of Judicature 60 & 61 Vict. (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1897.

Issue of 51, 759, 260/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

SCHEDULE.

Acts Eepealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 60. The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857. Sections twelve to fifteen. Sections twenty to twenty-two.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 58. The Bankruptcy (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1872. Sections six, seven, nine, and twelve.

40 &41 Vict. c. 57. The Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877. Sections eight and nine. In section thirty-four, from “ after the Admiralty ”to ‘‘Admiralty Division.”

50 & 51 Vict. c. 6. The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1887. Section two. In section four, from “ and may ” to Chief Justice.”

CHAPTER 67.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. [6th August 1897.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

~\V7E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the ' ' Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Mnje-ty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, the sum of fifty-one million seven hundred and fifty-nine thousand two hundred and sixty pounds.

1897.

Appropriation Act, 1897.

Ch. 67.

209

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of Power for

England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said ^bonww

sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of fifty-

one million seven hundred and fifty-nine thousand two hundred and sixty pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Act mentioned in Appropriation Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated f/rs^“S|VOte<1 Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, services and amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to of sums

the sum of seventy-eight million three hundred and seventeen aPP1, ed .

* thousand seven hundred and ninety-five pounds seventeen shillings 5?* °M and one penny are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of nny money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be 54 & 55 Vict applied as appropriations in atd of the grants for the services c*24* and purposes specified in Schedule B. annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for Treasury in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act,

rr r y v CCrtftlB

and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone of exigency, until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual authorise course, each of the departments entrusted with the control over the |Jxpend!S2f said services shall forthwith make application in writing to the for, provided Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expen- that the diture out of any surpluses which may have been or which may a*?rgrJff|£ lhe be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the Eary service* same department, and in such application the department shall and for the represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury not exceeded, may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the

210

Ch. 67.

Appropriation A ct, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

Sanction for navy and army expenditure for 1895-96 unprovided for.

58 & 59 Vict c. 81.

59 Vict. c. 6.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

[Short title.]

Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by the Appropriation Act, 1895, and the Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses effected by the saving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of seventy-eight thousand seven hundred and . seventy-nine pounds and tenpence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

2nd. A sum of sixty-eight thousand seven hundred and eight pounds five shillings and fourpence, for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1897.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

. 78, 317, 795 17 1

1897,

Appropriation Act, 1897,

Ch. 67.

211

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1896-97. £ 8. d. £ 8. d.

1. Civil Service Excess, 1895-96 263 4 1

f Navy (Supplementary), 1896- 507,000 0 0 -20,000 0 0 *

1 Naval Defence Act, 1889 5, 775 13 0

I (Excess) 1896-97 -

3. Army (Supplementary), 1896-97 - - - 400, 300 0 0

4. Army (Ordnance Factories) Supplementary, 1896-97 - 100 0 0 199, 900 0 0

5. Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplemen- 1, 317, 397 0 0 45, 830 0 0

tary), 1896-97 -

2, 230, 835 17 1 1 225, 730 0 0

1897-98. !

r m i 22, 338,000 0 0 942, 473 0 0

f Army 18, 340, 500 0 0 3, 021, 922 0 0

' \ Army (Ordnance Factories) - 100 0 0 2, 963, 400 0 0

8. Civil Services, , Class I. - 1, 967, 860 0 0 72, 316 0 0

9. Ditto, Class II. 2, 185, 933 0 0 428, 692 0 0

10. Ditto, Class HI. . 3, 757, 960 0 0 710, 120 0 0

11. Ditto, Class IV. 11, 508, 702 0 0 76, 685 0 0

12. Ditto, Class V. . 819, 279 0 0 126, 951 0 0

13. Ditto, Class VI. . 707, 697 0 0 204 0 0

14. Ditto, Class VH. 144, 250 0 0 7, 750 0 0

Total Civil Services - 21, 091, 681 0 0 1, 422, 718 0 0

15. Revenue Departments, Ac. - 14, 316, 679 0 0 415, 287 0 0

Grand Total - 78, 317, 795 17 1 8, 991, 530 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the years ended on the 31st March 1896 and 1897: —

Under Act 60 A 61 Vict. c. 4. - - 2, 230, 835 17 1

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1898: —

Under Act 60 A 61 Vict. c. 4. - 24, 327, 700 0 0

Under this Act - 51, 759, 260 0 0

Total ..... £78, 317, 795 17 1

* Deficit.

SOHKD. (A.)

2X2

Ch. 67.

Appropriation Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

(B)

rAHT 1.

SCHEDULE (B.> — Part 1. Civil Services Excess, 1895-96.

£ s. d.

Sum granted to make good an excess on the grant for the Mint, including Coinage, for the year ended 31st March 1896 - - - 263 4 1

Sohu>. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.> — Part 2.

Part 2.

Nnvy Supplementary, Navy Supplementary, 1896-97.

18M-97.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure for Nary Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1897; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote 8. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, Ac.: — £ £

Sec. 2. — Materiel - 386, 900 —

Vote 9. Naval Armaments - 120,000 -20,000 *

Vote 10. Works, Buildings, and Repairs at Home and Abroad ..... 100 —

Total ... 507,000 — 20,000

Naval Defence Act, 1889, Excess, 1896-97.

Sum granted to defray the Charge for the year endu'd on the 31st day of March 1897, for repayment to Naval Funds of certain Excess Expenditure on Contract Vessels, under the Naval Defence Act, 1889 a - - 5, 775 13 0

* Deficit.

1897.

Ch. 67.

213

Appropriation Act, 1897.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Army Supplementary, 1896-97.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1897; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

For the repayment to the Government of India of the extra expenses incurred in connexion with the employment of Indian troops at Suakin £ 146,000 £

For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges of Volunteer Corps - 255, 300 —

Total - - 400, 300 —

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Army (Ordnance Factories) (Supplementary), 1896-97.

Sums not exceeding

- Supply Grant. Appropriations in Aid.

Supplementary Sum granted to meet Additional Expenditure for Army Ordnance Factories for the year ended 31st March 1897 £ £

100 199, 900

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary),

1896-97.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1897; viz.: —

CIVIL SERVICES.

For a grant in aid of the expenditure incurred in connexion with the Egyptian expedition to Dongola ----

Sums not exceeding

* 0, 0\j&

>OgI

SOHED. (B.) Part 8.

Army

Supple-

mentary,

1896-97.

SOHED. (B.) Part 4.

Army

(Ordnance

Factories),

1896-97.

Sored. (B.) Part 5.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1896-97.

214

Ch. 67.

Appropriation, 1897.

60 & 61 VICT-r

J3CHKD. (B.)

Part 5.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1896-97.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

Class I. For exjpenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain, not provided for on other Votes - - - £ £

7,000

For the expense of telegrams of the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of coinage - 1 - " 1,000

40 6,000

Class II.

For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books, <fcc. for the public service - 25,000

For the expenses of the Board of Lunacy in

Scotland - - 80

3,000

Class III.

For the expenses of the Department of the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen's Proctor, and Direotor of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions and of other legal proceedings - For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund ...

For the salaries and expenses connected with the county courts - -

For the salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission -

37, 500

2,000

10

2, 030

32, 938

1,000

4, 840

Class IV.

For public education, England and Wales - -

For the expenses of the Department of Soience and Art in respect of schools of science For purchases and acquisitions of the British Museum

For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery ----

For the expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland .....

, 153, 044 10,000 650 327 20, 110

Class Y.

For the expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad, and of the consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote -

For a grant in aid of expenses connected with the British Protectorate in East Africa For sundry Colonial services, including certain grants in aid .....

23, 670

36, 700

14, 980

.1897.

Appropriation Act, 1897.

Ch. 67.

£16

Sums not exceeding

For the expenses in connexion with the suppression of the slave trade - For making good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury chests abroad in the year 1896-6

Class YI.

For making good the sum by which the interest accrued m the year ended 20th November 1896, from securities held by the National Debt Commissioners, on account of “The Fund for the Banks for Savings ” and “ The Fund for Friendly Societies” is insufficient to meet the interest which the said Commissioners are obliged by statute to pay and credit daring such latter mentioned year to trustees of savings banks and to friendly societies; and also the sum by which the interest accrued in the year ended 31st December 1896, from securities held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of “ The Post Office Savings Banks Fund, ” is insufficient to meet the interest which the said Commissioners are obliged by statute to }>ay and credit during such latter mentioned year to depositors and the expenses incurred during that year in the execution of the Acts relating thereto

For a grant in aid of the capital of the pension fund created under the provisions of the National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879 -

Class VII.

For the salaries and other expenses (including certain grants in aid) of temporary commissions and committees, including special inquiries

For making good certain sums written off from the assets of the local loans fund ...

For grants in aid of the expenses of the British Commissions for the International Exhibitions at Brussels, 1897, and Paris, 1900 -

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

£ £

1, 200

16, 304

30, 151

95, 434

4.500

16, 617

20, 500

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department -

For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office Services -

Total, Civil Services and \ Revenue Departments J

6, 800

10

1, 317, 397

1,000

29, 990

45, 83)

Scobd. (B.) Past 5. Civil Services (Supplementary), 1896-97.

216

Ch. 67.

Appropriation Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

Sohxd. (B.) Pabt 6. Navy.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1898:viz.: —

No.

1. For wages, Ac. to 100, 050 officers, seamen, and

boys, coastguard, and Royal marines -

2. For the expense of victualling and clothing

for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad -

3. For medical services, including the cost of

medical establishments at home and abroad

4. For martial law, including the cost of naval

prisons at home and abroad

5. For educational services -

6. For scientific services -

7. For the expense of the royal naval reserve,

and the reserve of retired officers and seamen pensioners - -

8. Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for

shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad (including a supplementary sum of 130,000?.) -

, Sect. 2. For tbo expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad (including a supplementary sum of

40,000?.) .....

, Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, Ac. (including a supplementary sum of 230,000?.)

9. For naval armaments (including a supple-

mentary sum of 100,000?.) -

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home

and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith

11. For miscellaneous effective services

12. For the expense of the Admiralty Office

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to

officers of the navy and marines

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities,

and compassionate allowances -

15. For civil pensions and gratuities

Gc

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

4, 696,000 112, 585

1, 384, 600 422, 060

161, 400 24, 376

10, 600 75

85, 600 29, 315

66, 700 11, 744

249, 900 107

2, 126,000 12, 915

2, 064,000 163,000

5, 440,000 38, 100

2, 775,000 34, 687

648, 800 195, 400 243, 600 6, 500 9, 677 7, 700

749, 500 12, 271

1, 053, 200 327, 400 >ogIe 21, 976 385

1897.

Approjyriation Act, 1897.

Ch. 67.

217

Sams not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. £ 1 £

16. For the expense necessary to be provided for . under the arrangoment made between the | Imperial and Australasian Governments for the protection of floating trade in Australasian waters - 60, 300 1 35,000

Total Navy Services - 22, 338,000 942, 473

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1898; viz.: —

Sams not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For the pay, allowances, and other charges of Her Majesty's Army at home and abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments, and reserve (to a number not exceeding 80,000), and departments (in- £ £

cluding a supplementary sum of 10.000Z.) -2. For the medical establishments and cost of 5.947, 800 1, 160,000

medicines -3. For the pay, extra pay, bounty, &c. (exclusive of supplies, clothing, Ac.) of the militia (to a number not exceeding 135, 243, including 295, 800 1 ! 1, 300

30,000 militia reserve) ... 4. For the pay and miscellaneous charges of the 553,000 13, 600

yeomanry cavalry -5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges of volunteer corps, including pay, &c. of the 76,000 10

permanent staff -6. For the expense of transport and remounts (in- 627, 200 500

cluding a supplementary sum of 105, 0U0?.) -7. For provisions, forage, and other supplies (in- 744,000 21, 500

cluding a supplementary sum of 74,000i.) 8. For clothing establishments and services (in- 2, 627, 400 37, 700

cluding a supplementary sum of 3, 00oi.) 897jQ0CL i 414, 600

Sched. (B.) Part 6. Nary.

Sched. (B.) Pabt 7.

Army.

218

Ch. 67.

Appropriation, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Past 7. Army.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other stores (including a supplementary sum of 6,0001.) ...

10. For the Royal Engineer superintending staff,

and expenditure for Royal Engineer works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases and including a supplementary sum of 2,000Z.) -

11. For establishments for military education

12. For miscellaneous effective services

13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of

the War Office -

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-

effective charges for officers and others

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the

in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, for rewards for meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions to the widows and children of warrant officer ^, exclusive of charges on India

16. For superannuation, compensation, and com-

passionate allowances, and gratuities -

Total Arkt See vices - £

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the expense of the ordnance factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments -

Total Army Services (including Ordnance \ Factories) - - £ j

£ £

2, 075, 200 370, 700

1, 018, 400 118, 600 54, 800 100, 350 59, 900 7, 300

248, 600 50

1, 528, 800 367, 511

1, 352, 600 466, 730

175, 300 171

18, 340, 500 3, 021, 922

100 2, 963, 400

18, 340, 600 5, 985, 322

Schrd. (b.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

Part 8.

Civil Services. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1898; viz.: —

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces and

Marlborough House -

j Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

j £

1 op4.000 1, 100

1897.

Appropriation, 1897.

Ch. 67.

219

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens £ 102,000 £ 5, 538

3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of Parliament buildings - 35,000 400

4. For the extension of the Admiralty buildings - 1 40,000 600

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, viz., County Courts, Metro- I politan Police Courts, and Sheriff Court Houses, Sootland ---- 63,000 3, 890

6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings, Great Britain (including a supplementary sum of 10,0001.) - 36,000 30

7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad (including a supplementary sum of 3,0001.) 27,000 400

8. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services ... 358,000 4, 100

9. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes (including supplementary sums of 1, 1001. and 80,0001.) - 309, 100 12,000

10. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for minor services connected therewith 212, 291 17, 283

11. For maintaining certain harbours, lighthouses, Ac. under the Board of Trade (including a supplementary sum of 11, 9501.) - 31, 037 2, 625

12. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead - 24,000 —

13. For rates and contributions in lien of rates, &c., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government properly department, and for a contribution towards the expense of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade - 399, 367 17, 620

14. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, for drainage works on the River Shannon - 207, 137 6, 730

15. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1889 and 1893 89, 928 —

Total Civil Services, Class 1. - 1, 967, 860 72, 316

Scran. (B.) Past 8.

Civil Services. Class I.

220

Ch. 67.

Appropriation Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

SCHED. (B.)

Pa*t9. Civil Services. Class IL

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the

March 1898; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in tho offices of the

House of Lords -

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the

House of Commons -3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments -

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her

Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of

Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs ----

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of

Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration

7. For salaries and expenses of the department

of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council -

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments ...

9. For a grant in aid of the Mercantile Marine

Fund ----

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees,

&c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies Winding-up Act, 1890 .....

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of

Agriculture, and for defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in matters of Inclosure and Land Improvement and for paying certain grants in aid -

12. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Com-

mission for England and Wales, including the Endowed Schools department

13. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service

Commission ----

14. For salaries and expenses of the department of

the Comptroller and Auditor Geg]^]||d b

ding on the 31st day of

1 Sums not exceeding

Supply 1 Grants. i _ J Appropriations in Aid.

1 £ £

14, 485 24,000

28, 576 27,000

90, 672 3, 136

123, 566 7,000

71, 705 600

42, 900 —

12, 074 1, 500

189, 859 7, 600

44, 215 —

11 135, 770

109, 291 7, 500

42, 090 —

40, 373 —

3, 529

1897.

Appropriation Act, 1897.

Ca 67.

221

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. £ £

16. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of 7, 607

Friendly Societies -16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern-

ment Board -17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the 181, 659 4, 600

Commissioners in Lunacy in England 18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including ' 14, 225 1, 122

the expenses of the coinage -19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt 52 78, 300

Office ---- 14, 139 2, 115

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England - -

22, 464 ‘ —

21. For salaries and expenses of tho establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners 22. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, Ac. in England - 23. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books, for the public service, and for I

7, 091 3, 290

40, 167 7, 200

the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including the reports of Parliamentary 590, 830 95, 155

Debates - - - 24. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue

Records and Inrolments . - -25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and 20, 904

Public Buildings -26. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret 55, 200

services ' 27. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and 30,000

subordinate offices -28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piors 12, 111

or quays - 29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland - 30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, Ac. in 35, 323

5, 422 4E0

Scotland -31. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board for Scotland, and for expenses under the Public Health Acts, Infectious Diseases Notification Act, Vaccination Act, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and Burgh Police (Scotland) Act and Local 5, 129 700

Government (Scotland) Act, 1894 32. For salaries and expenses of tho household of 11, 951 L

the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland - by jle —

SCHED. (B.)

Pjlkt 9. Civil Services. Class IL

222

Ch. 67.

Appropriation Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict,

Sored. (B.)

Pabt 9. Civil'Services, Class II.

SCHED. (B.)

Pabt 10. Civil Services. Class III.

Sams not exceeding

No. 33. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and sub- Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 1 £

ordinate departments ... 34. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and j 42, 246 345

Bequests for Ireland 35. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland, including certain 1, 943 58

grants in aid of local taxation - - j 36. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keoper of the 1 139, 389 i 5, 792

State Papers in Dublin - 1 37. For salaries and expenses of the office of Public I J 5, 880 —

Works in Ireland - J 38. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, Ac., and for expenses of collecting agricultural and other 38, 247 2, 500

statistics in Ireland ..... 39. For salaries and expenses of the general valua- 15, 907 550

tion and boundary survey of Ireland - 12, 649 8, 900

Total Civil Services, Class II. - £| 2, 185, 933 1 428, 692

SCHEDULE (B.) — -Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class HI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civtl Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1898; viz.: —

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers' department,

the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen's Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary Agency - 83, 177

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses (in-

cluding a supplementary sum of 2, 5001. for a grant-in-aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Society) - 42, 800

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the

Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund zed by VjQipQ 1324, 451

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations in Aid.

11, 650

12, 731

53, 550

1897.

Appropriation, 1897.

Ch. 67.

223

No.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

23.

For salaries and expenses of the land registry -

For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts -

For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London and Sheerness ...

For the salaries of the Commissioner, and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Polioe District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary - For the expenses of the prisons in England, Wales, and the Colonies -

For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of the Inspectors of Reformatories For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate's department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland - For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh For the expenses of the Establishment of the Crofters' Commission - -

For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatios and the preparation of judicial statistics ..... For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland - For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund - For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission ... For the salaries, allowances, expenses, and pensions of various county court officers, divisional commissioners, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, of the police courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals ..... For the expenses of reformatory and industrial schools in Ireland ..... For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland

Total Civil Services, Class III.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 7, 877 £

28, 071 429,000

4, 900 16, 129

55, 107 20

600, 851 16, 500

266, 130 22, 500

31, 954 985

92, 630 34, 940

41, 961 —

5, 350 —

82, 277 4, 650

64, 229 346

112, 758 2, 400

107, 431 15, 694

116, 869 | 2,000

! 93, 491 | 1, 365, 017 i 51, 616 31, 559

114, 096 3,000

110, 087 850

6, 446 -

.£

igitq<

3, 757, 960

710, 120

Bchkd. (B.)

Pabx 10. Civil Services. Class III.

224

Ch. 67.

Appropriation Act, 1897.

60 & 61 Vict.

SOHJED. (B.)

Fabt 11. Civil Services. Class IV.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1898; viz.: —

No.

1.

2.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

U.

For public education in England and Wales, including the expenses of the Education Office in London (including a supplementary sum of 710, 865?.) -

For salaries and expenses of the Department of Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid -

For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, and of the Natural History Museum, including certain grants in aid For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures (including a supplementary sum of 2, 3001.) - For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase of portraits - For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, <fec., and other grants - For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and expenses under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889 - For salaries and expenses of the University of London - For public education in Scotland - For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manufactures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland For the expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 18, OOOOZ. for a grant in aiu of the Teachers Pension Fund, Ireland) - For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners tor managing certain school endowments in Ireland - For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures - For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

8, 017, 775 —

809, 992 6,000

162, 439 6, 825

15, 734 1, 050

5, 613 —

27, 984 —

104, 059 —

10 1, 154, 933 17, 070

3, 400 —

1, 198, 291 39, 500

1, 025 —

2, 497 —

4, 950 6, 240

11, 508, 702 76.685

1897.

Appropriation 1897.

Ch. 67.

225

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1898; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and

missions abroad, and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote -

2. For grants in aid of the expenses of the British

Protectorates in Uganda and in Central and East Africa and under the Uganda Railway Act, 1896 -

8. For sundry colonial services, including certain grants in aid, and expenses incurred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875, and certain charges connected with South Africa (including a supplementary sum of . l, 950q .....

4. For a grant in aid of the revenue of the Island

of Cyprus

5. For the expenses in connexion with the sup

pression of the slave trade, and the main tenance of certain Liberated Africans

6. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Com

panies -

Total Civil Services, Class V.

! Supply 1 G rants. i Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

438, 21*2 1 103, 951

I 161, 463 —

109, 876

40,000 i —

i 1 1 2, 628 —

67, 100 23,000

819, 279 126, 951

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1898; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

No. Grants. tions in Aid.

1. For superannuation, retired, and compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, and for certain compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury and for the salaries of medical £ £

referees ..... 543, 781 I

Q

Scued. (B.) Part 12.

Civil Services Class V.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13. Civil Services. Class VI.

226

Ch. 67.

Appropriation Act, 1897.

GO & 61 Vict.

ScHRn (U >

Part 13. Civil Services. Class VI. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropria-! tions in Aid. !

No. 2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to their widows and children ..... £ 6, 350 £

3. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain ... 1, 813

4. For a grant in aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Ireland 138, 113

5. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid - 17, 640 204

Total Civil Services, Class VI. - £ 707, 697 | 204

SCHEDULE (B.) — Pakt 14.

Civil Services.

Class vii. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1898; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

1 Supply j Appropria-

I Grants. ' tions in Aid.

No.

1. For salaries and other expenses (including

certain grants in aid) of temporary commissions, committees, and special inquiries -

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses

3. For grants in aid of expenditure upon certain

public works and for improved communications and other purposes within the Highlands and Islands of Scotland

4. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund

of certain miscellaneous advances -

5. For a grant in aid of the expenses connected

with the celebration of the sixtieth anniversary of Her Majesty's Accession

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £

Gc

31, 923

4, 779 7, 750

25, 500, —

, 2, 048 i i

t 80,000 —

144, 250 7, 750

) °gl

1897.

Appropriation, 1897.

Ch. 67.

227

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1898; viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. ' Appropriations in Aid.

' No. | 1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs j Department - - - i, 861,000 I £ 45, 500

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department - - j 1, 901, 272 1 1 16,000

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and in- j surances, and the collection of the Post Office j revenue (including supplementary sums of j 109, 875Z. and 50,000Z.) 7, 626, 335 114, 005

4. For the expense of the Post Office packet service j 750, 147 200, 712

5. For salaries and working expenses of the Post Office telegraph service (including a supple- | mentary sum of 28, 800 - 3, 177, 925 i 1 39, 070

Total Revenue Departments - 14, 316, 679 1 O* To 1 QC nJ

SCHED. (B.) Part 15.

Revenue

Departments,

&c.

229

TABLE III.

A

TABLE

OP

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.

CO & 61 VICTORIA — A.D. 1897.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which ike Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts

of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 29th March 1897.

P. i. AN Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of -A\_ Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to Lands in the Parish of St. George the Martyr Southwark. (London (Borough Road Southwark) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

il. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for improving an Area situated in the Parish of St. Pancras in the County of London (London (Churchway St. Pancras) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. iii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the Parish of St. James Westminster. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 8th April 1897.

P. iv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Leyton and Walton upon Thames. (Local Government Board's Orders

Confirmation (No. 1).)

R

230

Table of the Statutes.

[60 & 61 Vict.

V. An Act to alter the Qualification for Directors of the South Metropolitan Gas Company. (South Metropolitan Gas.)

Vi. An Act for the granting of further powers to-the Crays Gas Company. (Grays Gas.)

Vii. An Act to enable the County Council of the County of Dunbarton to borrow money for the purpose of erecting and enlarging County Buildings and for other purposes. (Dun-barton County Buildings.)

viii. An Act for the abandonment of parts of the Railways

authorised by the South Yorkshire Junction Railway Act 1890 and for other purposes. (South Junction

Railway.)

ix. An Act to enable the Edinburgh American Land Mortgage Company Limited to convert their present uncalled Capital into Preference Stock and for other purposes. (Edinburgh American Land Mortgage Comp, Limited.)

Royal Assent, 3rd June 1897.

X. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Harbour of Aberbrothwick to reconstruct their finances and to create and issue stocks for compounding their existing debts and for other purposes. (Aberbrothwick Harbour Finance.)

xi. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to William John Whiting for Improvements in Revolver Firearms.

(Whiting'sPatent.)

xii. An Act to empower the Great Western Railway Company to make new railways in the county of Cornwall and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (Truro and Newquay Railway).)

xiii. An Act to confer on the Provident Life Office further powers with respect to the accumulation and distribution of profits and for other purposes. (Provident Life Office.)

xiv. An Act to extend the objects and business of the Railway Passengers Assurance Company and for other purposes. (Railway Passengers Assurance.)

XV. An Act to make provision with reference to the winding up of the North London Commercial Permanent Building Society. (North London Commercial Permanent Building Society.)

xvi. An Act to authorise the making and laying out of a new Park in the City of Dublin to be called Saint Patrick's Park to vest the Park in the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the city with power to maintain and regulate the same and for other purposes. (Saint Patrick's Park (Dublin).)

xvii. An Act to provide for the distribution of surplus capital

of the Assam Railways and Trading Company Limited and for other purposes. (Assam Railways and Trading Company's.)

A.D. 1897.]

Local Acts.

231

xviii. An Act to enable certain alterations to be made in the

Scheme of Arrangement of the affairs of the London Bank of Australia Limited and for other purposes. (Bank of

Australia, Limited.)

xix. An Act for rendering valid certain Leases Sales and Conveyances made by the Trustees of Sir Jo>iah Mason's Almshouses and Orphanage without the consent of the Charity Commissioners. (Mason's Orphanage.)

xx- An Act for incorporating Mason University College and for other purposes. (Mason University College)

XXi. An Act to extend the time for the construction and completion of the Pier authorised by the Mumbles Railway and Pier Act 1889. (Mumbles Railway and Pier)

XXii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised Works for enlarging and improving the Port and Harbour of Neath. (Neath Harbour)

XXiii. An Act to empower the Corporation of the Borough of Torquay to acquire lands for the purposes of their Water Undertaking and for other purposes. (Torquay Corporation Water)

XXiv. An Act for incorporating the Trustees of the Deed of Mortification by the deceased John Strachan of Craigcrook Writer to the Signet for enlarging the powers of the Trustee* and for other purposes. (Craigcrook Mortification)

XXV. An Act to reconstitute and to re-incorporate the Governing Body of the Crichton Royal Institution and for other purposes. (Crichton Royal Institution)

xxvi. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Huddersfield to work their Tramways to construct street and road improvements and to make further provision for the good government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation)

XXVii. An Act for granting additional powers to the Dumfries and Maxwelltown Waterworks Commissioners and for other purposes. (Dumfries and Maxwelltown Waterworks (Additional Powers))

XXviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Major Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Loughborough with respect to their Water Undertaking and for other purposes. (Loughborough Corporation) xxix. An Act for granting further powers to the Taunton Gas Light and Coke Company. (Taunton Gas) rrr An Act to enable the Wigan Junction Railways Company to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Wigan Junction Railways (Capital))

XXXi. An Act to extend the periods limited by the Clyde Navigation Act 1894 for the Compulsory Purchase of Lands and for the completion of the railway authorised by the Clyde Navigation Act 1891. (Clyde

R 2

232

Table of the Statutes.

[60 & 61 Vict.

mil An Act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to widen and improve Streets to construct new Tramways to acquire Tramways by agreement to provide a new Fire Brigade Station to acquire Lands to transfer the Fortobello Gasworks to the Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Commissioners to confer further powers on the said Commissioners to amend Acts and for other purpores. (Edinburgh Corporation.)

XXXiii. An Act to authorise the Great Eastern Railway Company to construct additional works in connexion with Lowestoft Harbour and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (Lowestoft Harbour).)

XXXiv. An Act to extend the period for the completion of the railway authorised by the Bray and Enniskerry Light Railway Act 1886 and for other purposes. (Bray and Enniskerry Railway.)

XXXV. An Act for enabling the London and South Western Railway Company to construct new Railways and to widen their Famham Alton and Winchester Railway in the county of Southampton and for other purposes. (South Western (Meon Valley) Railway.)

xxxvi. An Act to authorise the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited to extend their Tramways and to confer further powers upon that Company. (Bristol Tramways.)

xxxvii. An Act to empower the Governors of the Richmond District Lunatic Asylum to borrow money and to create and issue Stock and for other purposes. (Richmond District Asylum.)

XXXViii. An Act to empower the Tynemouth Gas Company to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes. (Tynemouth Gas.)

xxtixt An Act to revive and extend the powers of the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes. (Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead

Railway.)

xl. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own and other undertakings to provide for the incorporation of a Joint Committee of the Great Northern Railway Company and the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company the vesting in that Committee of an authorised Passenger Station at Nottingham and for other purposes. (Great Railway.)

xli. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their Chester and Holyhead Railway and for other purposes. (London and

North Western Railway (Wales).)

xlii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Epsom Downs Extension Railway Company for the construction of

Goo

A.D. 1897.]

Local .

233

works and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Epsom Downs Extension .)

Zliii. An Act for extending the limits of supply of the Weymouth Consumers Gas Company and for conferring further powers on the Company for the raising of money and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Weymouth Consumers Gas.)

Xliv. An Act for repealing certain provisions of the Devonport Waterworks Act 1893 and for conferring further powers on the Devonport Water Company for the construction of works and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Devonport Waterworks.)

xlv. An Act to authorise the Glasgow Harbour Tunnel Company to raise additional capital to confer on them further powers with reference to their surplus lands and properties and for other purposes. (Glasgow Harbour Tunnel (Further Rowers).)

Xlvi. An Act to authorise the Birmingham Tame and Rea District Drainage Board to acquire lands and construct works for sewage and drainage purposes to borrow moneys and for other purposes. (Birmingham Tame and Rea District Drainage Board.)

xTvii. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Chichester to purchase the undertaking of the Chichester Waterworks Company and to supply water throughout the city and adjoining places. (Chichester Corporation Water.)

Xlviii. An Act for enabling the Great Eastern Railway Company to construct new Railways in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (New Lines in Norfolk and Suffolk).)

xlix. An Act to authorise the construction of a Quay at the Harbour of Perth and a Bridge over the River Tay and other Works and also new Gasworks to make provision for the regulation of the office of Town Clerk and for other purposes. (Perth Harbour City Improvements and Gas.)

1. An Act to empower the Corporation of Plymouth t:> acquire Lary Bridge to extend the Boundary of the Borough and for other purposes. (PlymouthCorporation.)

li. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Cowes Gas Company to the Cowes Urban District Council and to authorise the Council to supply Gas and for other purposes. (Cowes Urban District Council Gas.)

lii. An Act to authorise the Ashford Urban District Council to supply Gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Ashford Gas and Coke Company Limited to the said Council and for other purposes. (Ashford Urban District Gas.)

2o4

Table of the Statutes. [60 & 61 Vict.

liii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

liv. An Act to enable the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make new Railways to confer further powers upon that Company the Cheshire Lines Committee and the North Wales and Liverpool Railway Committee to make further provision with reference to a Joint Station at Nottingham with the Great Northern Railway Company to alter the name of the Company to provide for the conversion of the Company's Ordinary Stock and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

lv. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Neath in the County of Glamorgan to purchase the Tramway Undertaking authorised by the Neath and District Tramways Order 1873 to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes. (Neath Corporation Tramways.)

lvi. An Act to authorise the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to construct Branch Railways acquire additional Lands and raise additional Capital in connexion with their Chesterfield and Lincoln Separate Undertaking and for other purposes. (Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway.)

P. lvii. An Act to confirm Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Kilkenny and the Rural Sanitary District of Scariff. (Local

Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1802 relating to Paisley Waterworks. (Paisley Waterworks Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. lix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for improving an Area situated in the Parishes of St. Mary-le-Strand St. Clement Danes St. Giles-in-the-Fields and St. Martin-in-the-Fields in the County of London. (London (Clare Market Strand) Pi 'ov isional Order Co nfi rmation)

P. lx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and the Acts amending the same relating to Clackmannan (Alloa and Tillicoultry) Water Supply. (Clackmannan (Alloa and Water

Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 15th July 1897.

P. lxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and

/

A.D. 1897.]

Local Acts.

235

1888 relating to Garston Hoy lake and West Kirby Ipswich Morley Wilmslow and Wrexham. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Darwen Dundalk Lincoln Tonbridge Vent nor and Wimbledon. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Brighouse Bury St. Edmunds Dudley Farnworth Kearsley Southampton and Watford. (Electric Lighting Orders Confimnation (No. 3).)

P. Ixiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1890 relating to Leith. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ambleside Ballymena Dqrking Llandrindod Wells Redditch and Reigate. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barking Town Morecambe Ramsbottom Swadlincote and Wallasey. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. lxvii. An Act to annul an Order in Council confirming a Scheme relating to the Foundation known as the Berriew School.

(BerriewSchool.)

P. lxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Buxton Kingston-upon-Hull Plymouth Ramsgate (two) Southampton Southend-on-Sea Wallasey and West Ham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Auckland-Shildon-and-Willington Bucklow Honley-and-South-Crosland and Wath-Swinton-Greasbrough-and-North-Rotherham United Districts. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bacup Burnley Middleton Rhyl and Tiverton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashby-de-la-Zouch Biggleswade (Rural) Bredbury-and-Romiley Carlisle (Rural) Cheadle-and-Gatley Cricklade-and-Wootton-Bassett _ (Rural) Exmouth

(

2-3 G

Table of the Statutes. & Cl VICT.

Heston-and-Islewoith Liverpool Mailing (Rural) and Settle (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. G).)

p. Imrii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Chelmsford Nelson Southend-on-Sea and West Bromwich. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation

P. lxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Buckingham and Stafford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. lxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath (two) Leatherhead I.uddenden-Foot New-Windsor Ogmore-and-Garw and West-Ham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. lxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Bedford Denbigh Flint Hereford Hertford and Worcester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. lxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 and the Public Health Act 1875 relating to Droitwich. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

P. lxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Parishes of Saint George the Martyr Southwark and Saint James Westminster. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law).)

P. lxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Anstruther Deal Hunstanton and St. Andrews. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Killala. (Pier and Barbour Order Confirmation

P. lxXX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Ilfracombe Llandudno and Scrabster. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxxi. An Act to confirm Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Sanitary Districts of Limavady and Carrickmacross. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (

(No. 7).)

(No. 2).)

A.D. 1897.]

Local Acts.

237

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Lurgan Clonmel and Thurles. (Local Government Board (Pro-

visional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Borough of Waterford. (Local Government Board (Provisional

Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Limerick and Navan and the Unions of Roscommon and Midleton. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Bally shannon Union. (Local Government Board Provisional

Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. lxxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Belfast. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order (No. 7).)

lxxxvii. An Act to amend the Liverpool Corporation Loans Act 1894 to confer further powers on the Corporation of the City of Liverpool with respect to the Northern Hospital and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation Loans.)

lXXXViii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Arundel Gas Company. (Arundel Gas.)

lxxxix. An Act for conferring further powers on the Yale of Glamorgan Railway Company for the construction of works the raising of money and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Vale of Glamorgan Railway.)

XC. An Act to increase the Share Capital of the Cordoba Central Railway Company Limited and to vary its regulations with regard to division of profits and for other purposes. (Cordoba Central Railway Company (Limited).)

XCi. An Act to remove doubts as to the power of the National Provident Institution to alter and add to its Rules in certain respects, (National Provident Institution.)

xcii. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bournemouth to acquire certain lands as a site for municipal and other buildings and to take a lease of certain adjacent lands and to confirm an agreement relating thereto and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Corporation.)

xciii. An Act to provide for the winding up and dissolution of the Guild of Literature and Art and for other purposes. (Guild of Literature and Art (Dissolution).)

238

Table of the Statutes.

[60 & 61 Vict.

XCiv. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Halifax to construct Tramways in the Borough and for other purposes. (Corporation

Tramways.)

XCV. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company to authorise them to acquire the Undertakings of the Downbam and Stoke Ferry Thetford and Watton and Watton and Swaffham Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway Powers).)

XCVI. An Act to authorise the Luton Water Company to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes. (Luton Water.)

xcvii. An Act to enable the Tower Subway Company to sell their Subway under the Thames from Tower Hill to the opposite side of the River and to dissolve the Company. (Tower Subway.)

xcviii. An Act to empower the Commissioners of the Burgh of Borrowstounness to form and lay out a new Road or Street within the Burgh to confer powers on the Caledonian Railway Company with respect to parts of the North British Railway

and fur other purposes. (Boi'rowstounness Town Improvement and Harbour.)

XCix. An Act to consolidate the Townships within the County Borough of Birkenhead and to transfer the Township of Rock Ferry from the Wirral Union to the Birkenhead Union to confer further powers on the Corporation of the Borough in relation to Ferries and Tramways and other matters to authorise the Corporation to amend some of the provisions of the Local Acts in force within the Borough and for other purposes. (Birkenhead Corporation.)

C. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Birkenhead to purchase the Ferries across the River Mersey known as Rock Ferry and New Ferry and for other purposes. (Birkenhead Corporation (Ferries).)

Ci. An Act to confer powers upon the Urban District Council of Hoylake and West Kirby for the construction of Parades and a Marine Lake and for the improvement of the Hoyle Lake and to make better provision for the local government health and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Hoylake and West Kirby Improvement.)

Cii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Sheffield to construct Street and Road Improvements and additional Tramways and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation (Streets and Tramways).)

ciii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to construct for the purposes of their Dock Undertaking Railways and other Works in connexion with the Harbour Railway of the Great Western Railway Company and to confer powers on that Company with reference to the

A.D. 1897.]

Local Acts,

239

construction maintenance and use of certain of the said Railways and the conveyance of Traffic to and from their Harbour Railway and for other purposes. (Bristol Dock.)

Civ. An Act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Liverpool to acquire the Undertaking of the Liverpool United Tramways and Omnibus Company to confer powers on the Corporation for improving and working the undertaking and for borrowing money and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation Tramways.)

CV. An Act to confer further powers upon and amend the Acts relating to the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company and for other purposes. (Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway.)

CVi. An Act to make provision for the establishment management and maintenance of the Dublin Eye and Ear Hospital being the amalgamation of Saint Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital and Dispensary and the National Eye and Ear Infirmary Ireland all in the City of Dublin and for other purposes. (Dublin Eye and Ear Hospital.)

CVii. An Act for making a Railway from the Tunbridge Wells and Hastings Branch of the South Eastern Railway at Crowhurst to Bexhill and for other purposes. (Crowhurst Sidley and Bexhill Railway.)

CViii. An Act to confer further powers on the Manchester Ship Canal Company with respect to their Surplus Lands and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canid.)

Cix. An Act to confer powers upon the Corporation of Carnarvon in relation to the Ferry between Carnarvon and Anglesea the construction of a Pier and other Works for the purposes thereof and for the construction of a Swing Bridge over the River Seiont and for other purposes. (Carnarvon -

tion.)

CX. An Act to confer further powers on the Lowestoft Water Gas and Market Company to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Lowestoft Water and Gas.)

CXi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company and for other purposes. (Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway.)

CXii. An Act to revive extend and vary some of the powers of the Hastings Harbour Commissioners to confer further borrowing and other powers upon them and for other purposes. (Hastings Harbour.)

CXiii. An Act for the commutation of the annual and other sums payable by the Corporation of the City of Liverpool and by the Churchwardens of the Parish of Liverpool in respect of certain Churches in the City for the investment and application of the Commutation Moneys for the removal of the Churches of Saint George and Saint John and re-uniting their

240

Table x>/ the Statutes,

[60 & 01 Tier.

respective Districts to the Parish of Liverpool and for making other Provisions consequential on and relative to the above matters. (Liverpool City Churches.)

cxiv. An Act to empower the Rathmines and Rathgar Improvement Commissioners to purchase and work certain Tramways of the Dublin United Tramways Company and to confer further powers on the Commissioners with respect to street widenings the acquisition of lands the borrowing of moneys and for other purposes. (and Rathgar

Township Tramways and Improvement.)

CXV. An Act to dissolve the Hunstanton Water Company Limited and the Hunstanton Gas Company Limited and to re-incorporate the proprietors therein as a new Company for the supply of Water and Gas to Hunstanton and adjoining places in the county of Norfolk. (Water arid

Gas.)

cxvi. An Act to incorporate the Committee of Railway Companies associated under the Railway Clearing System and to enlarge the powers vested in that Committee and for other purposes. (Railway Clearing Committee Incorporation.)

CXVii. An Act for incorporating the Crowborough District Water Company and empowering them to construct works and supply water and for other purposes. (

District Water.)

CXViii. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to construct new Dock Works at Grangemouth and new Railways in the Counties of Lanark and Stirling to confer further powers on them in respect to the acquisition of lands and other matters connected with their undertaking and for other purposes. (Caledonian Railway.)

cxix. An Act to authorise the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company to issue New Preference Stock in substitution for existing First and Second Preference Shares and for other purposes. (Easton and Church Hope Railway.)

CXX. An Act to incorporate the Railway Clearing System

- Superannuation Fund Association and to extend the objects of that Association and for other purposes. (

Clearing System Superannuation Fund Incorporation.)

cxxi. An Act to make further Provisions with respect to the Supply of Water by the Corporation of the City of Dublin and for other purposes. (Dublin Corporation.)

CXXii. An Act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct new Railways and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

CXXiii. An Act to enable the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to construct New Railways Widenings and other Works to confer further Powers with reference to the General Undertaking of the Company and with reference to the Separate Undertaking of th Function

A.D. 1897.]

Local

211

Railways and for other purposes. (Wicklow and Wexford Railway (Shillelagh Extension

CXXiv. An Act for conferring further powers ou the Eastbourne Waterworks Company for the construction of works and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Eastbourne Waterworks.)

CXXV. An Act to authorise the New Huustanton Urban District Council to supply Water and Gas and to acquire the undertakings of the Hunstanton Water Company Limited and the Hunstanton Gas Company Limited. (New Hunstanton Water and Gas.)

CXXVi. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesse3 of the County Borough of Southampton to acquire the undertaking of the Southampton Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Southampton Corpora Tramways.)

CXXVii. An Act to confer further powers upon the North British Railway Company in connexion with their undertaking to amalgamate the Glasgow Yoker and Clydebank Railway Company and the Anstruther and St Andrews Railway Company with the Company and for other purposes. (North British Railway (General Powers).)

cxxviii. An Act to empower the Midland and South Western Junction Railway Company to convert and consolidate their debenture stocks and for other purposes. (Midland and South Western Junction Railway.)

CXXix. An Act to empower the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway Company to construct new Railways and for other purposes. (Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway.)

CXXX. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to provide for the transfer to that Company of the undertakings of the West Lancashire Railway Company and the Liverpool Southport and Preston Junction Railway Company to repeal certain powers granted to the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company over those undertakings and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

CXXXi. An Act for the incorporation of Commissioners for Stromness Harbour and the transfer to them of the Harbour Undertaking of the Stromness Harbour Commissioners for empowering them to construct new works and for other purposes. (Stromness Harbour.)

CXXXii. An Act to authorise the Sheffield District Railway Company to construct Branch Railways in Sheffield connecting with the Midland Railway and for other purposes. (Sheffield District Railway.)

cxxxiii. An Act for the dissolution of the Commission of Sewers of the City of London and to provide for the execution of the powers authorities and duties of the Commissioners by the Common Council of the City and for other purposes.

(City of London Sewers.)

242

Table of the Statutes.

[60 & 61 Vict.

CXXXiv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the Borough to construct highway and other works to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes.

(Bolton Tramways and Improvement.)

CXXXV. An Act to confer further powers on the Great North of Scotland Railway Company as to the classification of their Ordinary Stocks and the provision of a Hotel. (Great North of Scotland Railway.)

CXXXVi. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Malvern Link to supply Gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Malvern Link Gas Company Limited to the Council. (Malvern Link Gas.)

Royal Assent, 6th August 1897.

p CXXXVii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brigg Harrogate Newport (Salop) Oswestry Plymouth Winslow and Worcester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

p CXXXViii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Hartlepool Totnes and West Hartlepool. (Local Government Board'8 Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

p# CXXXiX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Derby Parts of Holland Leicester and Norfolk and to the Borough of Margate. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

p# CXl. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Clare-and-Bumpstead the Luddenden-Foct and the Penybont United Districts and to the Ports of Harwich Milford and Wisbech. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

p cxli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Chorley Dover East Stonehouse Harrogate St. Helens Scarborough and Tunbridge Wells. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

p# CXlii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford (Yorks) Hey wood Live-pool Nelson and Wigan (two). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

P. CXliii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberystwyth Barrow-in-Furness Birmingham Bootle and Swansea. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 16).)

^ L.

A.D. 1897.]

Local .

243

P. CXliv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Hastings. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation

p, CXlV. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Blackburn. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 18).)

P. cxlvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders ma le by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Boards for East Barnet Linthwaite Pembroke Swansea United District and Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation (East Barnet

P. CXlvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)]

P. CXlviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bangor Clacton Poole Tenby and Walton-on-the-Naze. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxlix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Annan Clacton and Whiting Bay. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Donegal. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 6»

P. Cli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Blackpool Corporation Tramways Manchester Carriage and Tramways Company's Tramways Manchester Corporation Tramways Moss Side Tramways and Withington District Tramways. (Tramuays Orders Confirmation (No. 1).) .

P. Clii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Great Grimsby Street Tramways Extension Huddersfield Corporation Tramways Morecambe Urban District Council Tramways Perth and District Tramways (Extensions) and Stirling and Bridge of Allan Tramways Extension. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cliii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Middlesbrough Stockton-on Tees and Thomaby Tramways Yarmouth and Gorleston Tramways Extension and York Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (Nn 3).)

(No. 17).)

244

Table of the Statutes,

[60 & 61 VICT.

P. cliv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Hoylakeand West Kirby Gas Killamarsh Gas Sedbergh Gas and Westbury Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. civ. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Cradley Heath Gas Harrogate Gas and Wimborne Minster Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. ClvL An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Barton-upon-Humber Water Bridge of Allan Water Frith Hill Godalming and Farncombe Water Gosport Water Newmarket Water Royston Water and Steyning and District Water. (Water Orders ConfirmcUion.)

P. Clvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to Rosslare (Pilotage District of Wexford). (Pilotage Order Confirmation.)

P. clviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and the Acts amending the same relating to Borrowstounness Water Supply.

Water Order Confirmation.)

P. clix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and the Acts amending the same relating to Duntocher and Dalmuir Water Supply. (Duntocher and Dalmuir Water Order Confirmation.)

P. clx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Denton Droylsden Levenshulme Moss Side Stretford and Withington. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. clxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bangor Bexhill Epsom Galway and Northwich. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. clxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 188S relating to (1) St. George's-in-the-East Mile End Old Town and Limehouse (2) Holborn Liberty of Charterhouse and Shoreditch (3) Fulham and (4) Westminster. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. clxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Newmarket and Poole and Branksome. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. clxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Blackheath and Greenwich District

A.D. 1897.]

Local .

245

and Newington. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation

(No. 11).)

P. clxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to Lands in Green Street in the Parish of St. George the Martyr Southwark. (London (Green Street Provisional

Order Confirmation.)

P. clxvi. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster-General to acquire Lands in London Brighton Norwich Plymouth Southampton Oban and Cork for the Public Service and for other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

Clxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company with respect to their own undertaking and to confirm an Agreement for the working by the Company of the Torrington and Okehampton Railway and to confer upon the Company and the Waterloo and City and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Companies further powers with respect to undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes. (South Western Railway (Various Powers).)

clxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Newport with, respect to Waterworks and other matters and for other-purposes. (Newport Corporation.)

Clxix. An Act to authorise the abandonment of the Llandilo Loop and the Construction of new Railways in the counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen and for other purposes. (North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway.)

clxx. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Mersey Dock.)

Clxxi. An Act for incorporating the Glasgow and Renfrew District Railway Company and authorising the construction ' of Railways in the Counties of Renfrew and Lanark and for" other purposes. (Glasgow and Renfrew District Railway.)

Clxxii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands for consolidating and converting their Preference and Ordinary Stocks and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

clxxiii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Tuxford and District Gas Light and Coke Company. (Tuxford and District Gas.)

clxxiv. An Act for making a Light Railway between Aberystwyth and Devil's Bridge in the County of Cardigan and for other purposes. (Vale (Light) Railway.)

Clxxv. An Act' to authorise the construction of Railways in the county of Renfrew. (Paisley and Barrhead District Railway.)

S

246

Table of the Statutes.

[60 & 61 Vict.

olnvi. An Act to authorise the Newry Navigation Company to consolidate and convert their Mortgage Debt and for othfer purposes. (Newry Navigation.)

clxxvii. An Act to empower the Taff Vale Railway Company to construct a new Railway and other Works and acquire Lands and for other purposes. (Vale .)

clxxviii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Deal and the Urban District Council of Walmer to acquire the undertaking of* the Company of Proprietors of the Deal Waterworks to vest such undertaking partly in a Joint Board and partly in each of the said Local Authorities to authorise the said Authorities respectively to supply their own districts and the neighbourhoods thereof respectively and for other purposes. (Deal and Walmer Water)

clxxix. An Act to empower the Callander and Oban Railway Company to construct new Railways and Works in the county of Argyle and for other purposes. (Callander and Oban Railway.)

Clxxx. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Cirencester to purchase the undertaking of the Cirencester Waterworks Company Limited and to supply water throughout the district and the adjoining parish of Stratton. (Cirencester Water.)

ClxxxL An Act for making further and better provision in regard to the Water Supply and the improvement health and good government of the Borough of Colne and for other purposes. (Colne Corporation.)

Olxxxii. An Act to empower the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee to construct a Railway at Great Yarmouth and other Works and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee.)

Olxxxiii. An Act to confer additional powers upon the. Midland Railway Company for the construction of Works and the acquisition of Lands to empower that Company and the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company to guarantee the capital of the Tottenham and Forest Gate Railway Company to authorise agreements between the Midland Railway Company the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company and the Sheffield District Railway Company and to vest in the Midland Railway Company the undertaking of the Kettering Thrapston and Huntingdon Railway Company to authorise the re-arrangement, and consolidation of the existing capital of the Midland Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

clxxxiv. An Act to extend the powers of the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Newark with respect to their supply of Water and for other purposes. (Newark Corporation Waterworks)

A.D. 1897.]

local Acts.

247

Clxxxv. An Act to empower the Llandudno Urban District Council to acquire the undertaking of the Great Ormes Head Marine Drive Company to make further provisions for the good government of Llandudno and for other purposes.

(Llandudno Urban District Council)

Clxxxvi. An Act for supplying with Water the Parishes of Saint Neot's and Eynesbury in the County of Huntingdon. (Saint Neot's Water.)

clxxxvii. An Act to authorise the Swadlincote District Urban District Council to supply Gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Swadlincote Gas and Coke Company Limited to the said Council and for other purposes. (Swadlincote District Oas.)

Clxxxviii. An Act to provide for the surrender of the lease of the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company's Undertaking to the Newport (Alexandra) Dock Company Limited and to authorise the transfer to the Company of the Pontypridd Caerphilly and Newport Railway and for other purposes. (Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway.)

clxxxix. An Act to confer further powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners. (Belfast Water.)

CXC. An Act to enable the North London Railway Company to improve the access to the Poplar Dock and for other purposes. (North London Railway.)

cxci. An Act to empower the Great Western Railway Company to make new Railways and Works at Bristol and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (Bristol Lines).)

cxoii. An Act for incorporating the Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway Company and for empowering them to construct an Underground Railway from Piccadilly Circus to South Kensington and for other purposes. (Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway.)

CXCiii. An Act td extend the powers for the purchase of land and the time for the completion of the Railway authorised by the Great Northern and City Railway Act 1892 and to amend some of the provisions of that Act. (Great Northern and City Railway.)

CXCiv. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Pier and Works authorised by the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Act 1893 and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier.)

CXCV. An Act for making a Railway from Skipton to Grassington in the West Riding of the County of York and for other purposes. (Yorkshire Dales Railway (Skipton to Grassington).)

CXCVi. An Act to constitute a Conservancy Board for the Port and Harbour of King's Lynn to transfer to and vest in such Board the powers of the Corporation of l^ig'^Ljgn relating

248

Table of the Statutes.

[60 & 61 Vict.

to the Port and Harbour and all the powers and property of the Harbour Mooring or Pilot Commissioners of the Port and of the body known as Select Trustees appointed under the Eau Brink Act 1831 and for other purposes. (King's Lynn Conservancy.)

cxcvii. An Act for enabling the City and Burgh of Dundee to . borrow additional money for their gas undertaking and to extend their electric lighting area and for amending and extending the improvement and other Acts applicable to the city and burgh and for other purposes. (Corporation.)

cxcviii. An Act to authorise the East London Waterworks . Company to execute further Works and to raise further Money in order to enable them to fulfil their statutory obligations relating to the supply of water or otherwise and to meet the increased demand for water within their district to confer further powers upon and make further provision with respect to the undertaking of the Company and for other purposes. (East London Waterworks.)

CXCix. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Leeds to acquire lands for the purpose of protecting their waters and waterworks from pollution for the construction of Tramways and Street Improvements and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation.)

CC. An Act to empower the Corporation of Nottingham to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation Water.)

CCi. An Act to enable the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to construct Railways between New Ross and Waterford in the Counties of Kilkenny and Waterford and for other purposes. (Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway (New Ross and Waterford Extension).)

CCii. An Act for making a Railway in and near the Town of Hastings and a Parade or Roadway and Seawall and for other purposes. (Hastings Harbour District Railway.)

CCiii. An Act to extend the Time for the Compulsory Purchase of Lands for and for the Completion of the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon JRail way and for other purposes. (Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway.)

CCiv. An Act to make provision with respect to the Construction and Purchase of Piers by the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Great Yarmouth and in regard to the health local government and improvement of the said borough and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth

CCV. An Act to confer upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Pwllheli powers in regard to the Harbour Markets and Water Supply of the said borough and for other purposes. (Pwllheli Corporation.)

A.D. 1897.]

Local Acts.

249

CCVi. An Act for extending the limits of Supply of the Company of Proprietors of the Weymouth Waterworks and for conferring further powers on that Company for the construction of Works and the raising of Capital and for other purposes. (Weymouth Waterworks.)

CCViL An Act for empowering the Bute Docks Company to construct certain Railways for conferring upon that Company certain Running Powers for empowering them to construct a Low Water Pier for changing the name of the Company and for authorising the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

CCViii. An Act to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) to construct Tramways and Tramroads from Sutton to Howth to acquire and maintain Hotels and Refreshments Rooms and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway (Ireland).)

CCix. An Act for empowering the Tyne Improvement Commissioners to create and issue Stock and for the completion of works and for amending certain of the provisions of the Tyne Improvement Acts 1850 to 1890 and for other purposes. (Tyne Improvement.)

CCX. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Tynemouth in the County of Northumberland to supply Water to the Borough of Tynemouth and adjacent places to acquire the undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the North Shields Waterworks and for other purposes.

(Tynemouth Corporation (Water).) .

CCXi. An Act to authorise the Sale of the Church of Christchurch and the Sale of the Church of Saint Peter with the School thereof (all in the City of Birmingham) and the application of the proceeds of sale to the provision of new Churches and Schools in the suburbs of Birmingham to merge the Ecclesiastical Parishes or Districts of Christchurch and Saint Peter in the Ecclesiastical Parish of Saint Philip to amend the Saint Martin's Rectory Birmingham Act 1893 and for other purposes. (Birmingham Churche.).,

ccxii. An Act to enable the Gravesend and Milton Waterworks Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

(Gravesend and Milton Waterworks.)

CCXiii. An Act to confer further powers on the Didcot Newbury and Southampton Railway Company. (Didcot Newbury and Soxithampton Railway.)

CCXiv. An Act to confirm an Agreement for the transfer of the Undertaking of the East Warwickshire Waterworks Company to the Urban District Council of Nuneaton and Chi 1 vers Coton and to enable the Council to construct Additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (East Warwickshire Waterworks.)

CCXV. An Act to enable the Corporation of Glasgow to effect further Improvements within the City to lease and work the

250

Table of the Statutes.

[60 & 61 Vict.

Yale of Clyde or Govan Tramways and the Glasgow and ibrox Tramway to construct new Tramways and for other purposes.

(Glasgow Corporation (.Improvements and General Powers).)

CdXVi. An Act to authorise the Highland Railway Company to construct Railways being partly doubling or widening of their existing Railway to acquire additional lands to revive the powers and extend the time limited by certain Acts for the completion of Works to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Highland Railway (Powers).)

ccxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway Company. (and Fort Augustus Railway.)

ccxviii. An Act to extend the limits for the Supply of Gas and Water by the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Leicester and to make further and better provision in relation to the local government of the said borough and for other purposes. (Leicester Corporation.)

CCXiX. An Act for incorporating the Locheamhead St. Fillans and Comrie Railway Company and authorising the Construction of a Railway from Lochearnhead to Comrie in the County of Perth and for other purposes. (Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie Railway.)

CCXX. An Act to regulate the Expenditure of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current financial period and the raising of Money to meet such Expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

CCXXI. An Act for making a Railway in the County of Fife to be called the Newburgh and North Fife Railway and for other purposes. (Newburgh and North Fife Railway.)

CCXXii. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London commonly called the New River Company for the execution of New Works and the raising of Further Money and for other purposes. (New River Company's.)

CCXXiii. An Act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of Dock Works at Middlesbrough new Railways and other Works and the acquisition of additional lands and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railvmy.)

CCXXiv. An Act to empower the London County Council to make a Subway under the River Thames between Greenwich and Millwall and for other purposes connected therewith. (Thames Tunnel (Greenwich to Millwall).)

CCXXV. An Act for the making and maintaining of the Wood-house and Conisbrough Railway and for other purposes. (Woodhouse and Conisbrough Railway.)

CCXXVI. An Act for conferring further Powers upon the Swansea Improvements and Tramways Company with respect

AJ>. 1897.]

Local Acis.

251

to their Tramways Undertaking and for other purposes. (Swansea Improvements and Tramways.)

ocxxvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes. (

Eastern Railway.)

CCXXVIII. An Act to enable the Benefices of Baldock and Bygrave in the diocese of Saint Albans to be united. (Baldock and Bygrave Benefices Union.)

CCXXIX. An Act to extend the period for the completion of the Waterworks authorised by the Rhymney Valley Gas and Water Act 1892. (Rhymney Valley Gas and Water.)

CCXXX. An Act to extend the City and County of Bristol and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

ccxxxi. An Act to constitute and incorporate a joint Water Board consisting of representatives from the Councils of the Borough of Blackpool and the Urban Districts of Fleetwood Lytham and Saint Annes-on-the-Sea all in the County Palatine of Lancaster and to transfer to and vest in such Board the undertaking of the Fylde Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Fylde Waterworks (Transfer).)

ccxxxii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Harrogate Waterworks Company for the construction of Works and the raising of Capital and for other purposes. (Harrogate Waterworks.)

ccxxxiii. An Act to confirm an Agreement made between Albemarle Cator and others and the South Eastern Railway Company. (South Eastern Railway (Confirmation of Cator Agreement).)

ccxxxiv. An Act for incorporating the Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock Company to transfer to the Company some of the powers of the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to construct and maintain Railways and Works and to transfer to the Company certain portions of the undertaking of the said Company including the North Sea Fisheries (East Lincolnshire) Harbour and Dock together with the powers of the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Company in relation thereto to confer additional powers upon the Company with reference to the portions of the undertaking transferred to them and for other purposes. (Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock.)

CCXXXV. An Act to empower the Dublin United Tramways Company to construct new Tramways and for other purposes. (Dublin United Tramways (New Lines))

CCXXXvi. An Act to authorise the Use of Electrical Power on the Tramways of the Dublin United Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Dublin United Tramways (Electrical Power))

ccxxxvii. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Harrogate to purchase the

252

Table of the Statutes.

[60 & 61 VICT

undertaking of the Harrogate Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Harrogate Corporation (Waterworks Transfer).)

CCXXXViii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Nottingham with respect to Street Improvements Tramways and various matters of local government and for other purposes. (Nottingham Improvement.)

ccxxxix. An Act for empowering the North Metropolitan Tramways Company to construct New Tramways in the Counties of London Essex and Middlesex for confirming certain Agreements between that Company and the London Street Tramways Company and the London County Council with respect to the sale and purchase and leasing working and using of Tramways and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Tramways.)

CCXl. An Act for incorporating the Weston-super-Mare Tramways Company and authorising them to make and maintain Tramways and other Works at Weston-super-Mare and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Tramways.)

CCXli. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester in the County of Lancaster for the construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands to enable them to work and use their Tramways by means of electrical or other mechanical power to enlarge their powers as to the supply of electricity to alter their corporate title and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

CCXlii. An Act to empower the London County Council to make a new Street and Street Improvements in the Administrative County of London. (London County Council (Improvements).)

CCXliii. An Act for incorporating the Dearne Valley Railway Company and for other purposes. (Dearne Valley Railway.)

CCXliv. An Act to confer certain powers upon the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company. (Southwark and Water.)

CCXlv. An Act for incorporating the Hull and South Yorkshire Extension Railway Company and for other purposes. (Hull and South Yorkshire Extension Railway)

<3CXlvi. An Act to incorporate the Coventry Electric Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain Tramways and for other purposes. (Coventry Electric Tramways.)

CCXlvii. An Act for empowering the Metropolitan District Railway Company to construct an Underground Railway from near Earl's Court Station to the Mansion House Station City to authorise them to work that railway and their existing railway by electricity to extend the time limited for the completion of the Acton Junction Railway of the Con.pany and for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the

A.D. 1897.]

Local Acts.

253

completion of the Ealing and South Harrow Railway and for other purposes. (.Metropolitan District Railway.)

ccxlviii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Lambourn Valley Railway Company in respect of their undertaking for amalgamating the Buckfastleigh Totnes and South Devon Kington and Eardisley Woodstock Banbury and Cheltenham Direct Pembroke and Tenby Nantwich and Market Drayton Minehead and Great Marlow Railway Companies with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Westeem Railway (Additional Powers).)

CCXlix. An Act for extending the Boundaries of the City and County of Kingston-upon-Hull for conferring on the Corporation power to construct a new Bridge over the River Hull and power to make new Streets and further powers with respect to a Crematory Rating the Supply of Gas and other matters for consolidating the provisions of the Water Acts and Orders now in force in the City and County and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Hull

CCl. An Act to authorise the acquisition of Lands known as Churchyard Bottom Wood Highgate for the purposes of a public open space. (Highgate Woods Preservation.)

CCli. An Act for incorporating the Watford Edgware and London Railway Company and for empowering them to construct Railways from Watford in the County of Hertford to Edgware in the County of Middlesex and for other purposes. (Watford Edgware and London Railway.)

CClii. An Act to empower the London County Council to make certain Street Improvements and to purchase Lands for various purposes to make provision for Contributions in certain cases by Local Authorities and as to the admission of Sewage into the Metropolitan Main Drainage System from a portion of East Ham in the County of Essex and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).) .

COliii. An Act for authorising the City of Birmingham Tramways Company Limited to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes. (City of Birmingham Tramways.)

CCliv. An Act to incorporate the Norwich Electric Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain Tramways and for other purposes. (Norwich Electric Tramways.)

CClv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Salford to construct additional Tramways to make a Street Improvement and to raise additional Moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of Stock and to make further provisions with respect to

254 Table of the .[60 & 61 VICT.

Booth's Charities and for the good government of the Borough. (Salford Corporation.)

CClvi. An Act for incorporating the Harrow and Uxbridge Railway Company and authorising them to construct a Railway in the County of Middlesex and for other purposes. (Harrow and Uxbridge Railway.)

eclvii. An Act for making a Railway to be called the Whitechapel and Bow Railway and for other purposes. (and Bow Railway.)

cclviii. An Act to incorporate Harbour Commissioners for the Harbour and Roads of Cowes in the Isle of Wight to define the limits of the Harbour and Roads to vest the Harbour in the Commissioners and to confer upon them powers for the improvement maintenance and regulation of the Harbour and Roads and for other purposes. (Cowes Harbour.)

CClix. An Act for conferring further powers on the Urban District Council of Colwyn Bay and Colwyn and for making further and better provisions for the improvement health and local government of the Urban District of Colwyn Bay and Colwyn and for other purposes. (Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Urban District Council.)

cclx. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Bradford in the County of York to construct additional Tramways to consolidate the townships in the City to extend the Bradford Union to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the City and for other purposes. (Bradford Tramways and Improvement.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOFJTHE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to vary the purposes of the Trust Disposition and Settlement of the late Robert Suttie Writer in Edinburgh to authorise the execution of the purposes as so varied and for other purposes. (Suttie's Estate.)

2. An Act for ascertaining and determining the Estates Rights and Interests of the several persons interested in the Residuary Real and Personal Estate of Charles Gonne Esquire deceased and for modifying certain possible Interests thereby given to unascertained and (at present) unascertainable Persons. (Gonne Estate.)

A.D. 1897.]

Private .

255

PRIVATE ACTS.

NOT PRINTED.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Agr.es Weir Thompson the wife of Abraham Thompson of Belfast in the County of Antrim Solicitor with the said Abraham Thompson and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. (Thompson's Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Beatrice Anna Caroline Isabella Peacocke the wife of Leslie Tufnell Peacocke with the said Leslie Tufnell Peacocke and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. (.Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alfred Law Sinclair of Holy hill Strabane County Tyrone a Lieutenant Colonel in the Indian Staff Corps with Isabella Sinclair his wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Sinclair's Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend William Samuel Vanston of 111 Rathgar Road in the County of Dublin Clerk in Holy Orders with Henrietta Maria Vanston his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Vanston'8 Divorce.)

[Index removed.]

260

TABLE V.

Showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 60 & 61 VICT.

Statute

and

Chapter.

Subject-matter or Short Title.

How affected.

CLapter 60 & 61 Vict.

32 Hen. 8. c. 9.

58 Geo. 3. c. 45 -

59 Geo. 8. e. 184

3 Geo. 4. c. 72 5 Geo. 4. c. 108

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72

1 & 2 Will. 4.c. 88

2 &3 Will.4.c.61

4 & 5 Will. 4.:

c. 76

Maintenance and Embracery

Church Building

Poor Law -

6 & 7 Will. 4.:

c. 107 Poor Law, Loans

1 ft, 2 Vict. c. 107 Church Building

2 & 8 Vict. c. 49, ,

c. 71

Metropolitan Police Courts

8 & 4 Vict c. 60

Church Building

6 & 7 Vict. c. 87

New Parishes

7 & 8 Vict.:

c. 56 c. 94 c. 106

8 & 9 Vict. c. 70

9 & 10 Vict. c. 68

Church Building -New Parishes

County Dublin Grand Jury j- Church Building

11 & 12 Vict. c. 87 14& 15 Vict. c. 97

15 & 16 Vict. c. 84

16 & 17 Vict c. 67

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 32

Water Supply (London) Public Houses (Scotland)

Church Building

c. 94

Consolidated Fund Charges

(

S. 2 repealed

Bep. as to Isle of Man, with saving.

S. 24 from w and that any loan ” repealed.

Repealed

o . Q f “ and to the Isle

S* 93 l ^an»” v‘rt ' rep. with savins.

Ss. 9 “and to the chief clerk ” to “ perform, ” 46, “ once in every quarter of a year, ” 47, “ to Her Majesty, or, ” rep.; Sch. A. virt. rep. prospectively; s. 43 am.

Ss. 29, 30 repealed

S. 22, “ and to the Isle of Man, ” virt rep. with saving.

S. 26, “ the Isle of Man, ” virt. rep. with saving.

Rep. as to Isle of Man, with saving.

S. 7 amended

Rep. as to Isle of Man, with saving.

a K l “ and to the Isle

I* \ of Man, ” virt.

°* °* (_ rep. with saving.

Extended - -

S. 2 confirmed -

Rep. as to IbIo of Man with saving.

S. 7, Sch. B. rep. in part -

65, s. 11.

33.

29.

29.

h

26, ss. 2, 9.

80.

83.

2.

I

183.

56.

24, s. 7.

33.

26, s. 9.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table.

A.D. 1897.]

Effect of Legislation,

281

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. Chapter 60 A 61 Vict

18 & 19 Vict. c. 68 Burials (Scotland) - S. 4 amended 38, s. 146(2).

19 & 20 Vict.:

c. 55 Church Building Bep. as to Isle of Man with saving. 33.

c. 104 New Parishes S. 34 “ and to the Isle of Man” virt. rep. with saving. 33.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 60 Bankruptcy (Ireland) - - Ss. 12-13, 20-22 rep.j s. 67 am. 66, ss. 16, 4.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 83 Universities (Scotland) - - S. 13 amended - 18.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 4 Valuation (Ireland) - S. 11, “and all such” to “ on all parties, ” virt rep. 17.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 85 Tublic Houses (Scotland) S. 5 ext to sweets 50.

26 A 27 Vict.:

c. 7 Tobacco Duties - S. 1 amended 24, s., 8.

c. 65 Volunteers Ss. 24, 27 explained 47.

e. 114 27 & 28 Vict.: Salmon Fisheries (Ireland) S. 14 (4), (10) am., (18) virt. rep. 17.

c. 71 Bail ways (Ireland) S. 7 from “and the adjudication ” virt. rep. 17.

C. 99 Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) S. 86 from “ and on said ” virt. rep. 17.

c. 114 28 & 29 Vict.: Improvement of Land - S. 9 am. as to Scotland - 38, 8. 123.

c. 70 Constabulary (Ireland) - ‘ S. 4, “ not exceeding three “ hundred and twenty ” rep.; a. 8 rep. in part. 64.

c. 72 30 A 81 Vict.:Navy; Will - S. 5 am. and rep. in part - 15.

c. 6 Metropolitan Poor - Expl. and am.; s. 17 rep. 29, ss. 2, 9.

c. 63 Chatham and Sheerness Stipendiary Magistrate. Ss. 12 from “ and the salary, ” 18 “ and shall account” to “ United Kingdom, ” 15 rep. 26, s. 9.

c. 101 31 & 82 Vict.:Public Health (Scotland) Repealed 38, S. 196.

c. 122 Poor Belief S. 85 to “thirty years; and” repealed. 29.

32 & 38 Vict. c. 45 Poor Law Union Loans - S. 5 repealed 29.

c. 94 New Parishes and Church Building. Bep. as to Isle of Man with saving. 33.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75 34 & 85 Vict.: Elementary Education - S. 97 amended - 16.

c. 11 Poor Law Union Loans . Ss. 1, 3 repealed - 29.

c. 35 Metropolitan Police Courts Build- Repealed 26, 8. 9.

c. 38 juga. Public Health (Scotland) Repealed - - 38, s. 196.

c. 113 35 & 36 Vict.:Metropolis Water- Extended 56.

c. 33 Ballot - S. 6 ext to municipal elections, Scotland. 34.

c. 38 Infant Life Protection - - Repealed - - 57.

c. 58 Bankruptcy (Ireland) Ss. 6, 7, 9, 12 repealed - 66, s. 16.

c. 62 Education (Scotland) S. 67 amended - 62.

36 & 37 ' Vict. c. 86 Elementary Education - S. 10 from c* at the rate ” repealed. 51, 8. 12.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 52 Merspy Collisions - Repealed - - 21.

282

Effect of Legislation.

[60 b 61 Vioft

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. Chapter 60 8c 61 Vict.

88 & 89 Vict.:

c. 55 Public Health - S. 248, “at the rate of three and a half” to . “ Exchequer ” rep. 51, s. 12.

c. 74 Public Health (Scotland) - Repealed 38, s. 196.

c. 87 Land Titles and Transfer Ss. 2, 11, 18, 19, 22, 28, 30-83, 35-38, 40, 43-45, 49, 58, 66, 72, 88 (4), 84, 106, 111, 112, 118, 122, 127 am.; ss. 21, 78, 81, 83 (1), (2), (5), (6) rep.; ss. 50, 58, 82, 83 (3), 126 rep. in part. 65, ss 14, 18, 22.

89 & 40 Vict.:

c 35 Customs Duties Sch. “ a drawback ” to “ ray coffee ” rep. 24, a. 2.

' c. 36 Customs Laws Consolidation S. 42 amended S. 284 am. as to Scotland S. 95, “ (not being less ” to “ such goods) ” rep. . as to tobacco. 63. ' 38, s. 88. 24, s. 3.

c. 79 40 & 41 Vict, : Elementary Education S. 19 (1) rep. as to day schools in England and Wales. 5, s. 2.

c. 27 Public Works Loans (Ireland) - S. 8, “ at the rate of ” to . “ Exchequer ” rep. 51, S. 12.

c. 57 Judicature (Ireland) S. 24 extended -S. 61 am.; ss. 8, 9, 84 “ after the Admiralty ” to “ Admiralty Division ” rep. 17. 66, ss. 12, 16.

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 44 Truro Chapter - - Amended - - 9.

c. 49 Weights and Measures - Ss. 8, 19, am.; ss. 18, 38, Sch. III., Part I., rep. prospectively. 46.

c. 52 Public Health (Ireland) - S. 246 “ at the rate of ” to “Exchequer” rep. 51, 8. 12.

c. 76 Telegraphs - S. 2 am. as to Scotland - 38, a. 145 (15).

42 & 43 Vict:

c. 84 Children's Dangerous Performances. Amended - 52.

c. 54 Poor Law - S. 12 repealed 29.

«. 77 Public Works Loans S. 3 repealed 51, ss. S, 1*.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 8 Isle of Man Loans S. 3 amended 51, a. 10.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 41 Conveyancing - S. 7 amended 65, a 16.

45 Vict. c. 11 - Public Health. (Scotland) Repealed - - 38, s. 196.

46 &47 Vict. c. 62 Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) .Am., s. 80 ext., s. 87 “with the consent in “ writing of his landlord, ” Sch., Part I. (l), (5), rep., Sch. Part III., am., as to market gardens. 22.

47 & 48 Vict:

c. 62 Revenue - . - S. 12 extended 24, a. 6.

c. 65 New Parishes and Church Building. Rep. as to Isle of Man with saving. 33.

48 & 49 Vict c. 58 Telegraphs ... S. 2 (2) (3)1$) repealed 41.

A.D. 1897.]

Effect of Legislation.

283

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. Chapter of 60 & 61 Vict.

49 & 50 Vict.:

c. 45 Public Works Loans S. 10 repealed 51, s. 12.

c. 54 Extraordinary Tithe Redemption Explained 23.

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 6 Judicature (Ireland) S. 2 rep.; s. 4 am. 66, ss. 16, 11.

c. 16 National Debt and Local Loans - S. 8 (1), (3) am.; ss. 3, 11, 12, 15 rep. in part. 51, ss. 2, 4, 12.

c. 18 Trusts (Scotland) - - S. 2 repealed 8.

51&52 Vict. c. 62 Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy. S. 1 amended 19.

52 & 58 Vict.:

c. 50 Local Government (Scotland) - S. 17 am.; s. 81 (3) from “ and the assessments ” rep. 38, ss. 12, 122, 131, 196.

c. 56 Poor Law - S. 2 (5) (6) rep. in part 29.

c. 62 Cotton Cloth Factories - Amended prospectively -Made compulsory in Scotland. 58.

c. 72 Infectious Disease (Notification) 38, s. 44.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 20 Public Health (Scotland) « Repealed - 38, s. 196.

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 81 Small Holdings - S. 19 (3) repealed - 51, s. 12.

c. 43 Military Lands - - S. 5 extended 6.

c. 55 Burgh Police (Scotland) Amended - - 38, s. 124.

c. 61 Public Works Loans S. 6 repealed 51, s. 12.

56 & 57 Vict.:

C. 42 Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children). S. 5 (4) from " and shall bear such rate ” repealed. 51, s. 12.

C. 78 Local Government Amended - -S. 3 (1) am.; Sch. I., Part I., Rule (1) rep. 40. 1.

57 & 58 Vict.:

e. 80 Finance - S. 34 (2) rep. 24, s. 5.

c. 58 Local Government (Scotland) - S. 44 (6)“ as ascertained ” to "1845” rep. 38, s. 196.

c. 60 Merchant Shipping S. 421 (2) ext. locally -Ss. 459, 462 amended -S. 608 rep. in part (but see terms). 21. 59. 61.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 18 Post Office - Am. as to Scotland 41.

59 & 60 Vict:

e. 19 Public Health - - Rep. as to Scotland, except 8. 6. 88, s. 196.

c. 38 Finance - S. 6 (1) and the words ‘weighing'” to “ tobacco ' ” repealed. 24, s. 8.

c. 50 Poor Law Officers' Superannuation. Amended - 28.

[Table of local, private acts in classes removed.]

